Q: where would i not be charged atm fees?
A: Members using a Wright-Patt Credit Union ATM and conducting a transaction on a Wright-Patt Credit Union account are not charged a fee. However, when using a non-WPCU ATM fees may vary by provider. For a full list of WPCU ATM‰Ûªs and low to no fee ATMs, you can visit our website at https://www.WPCU.coop and use the Search Locations box at the top of the page or use the ‰ÛÏLocations‰Û option on our app.

Q: Are Roth IRA's tax deductible?
A: A Roth IRA is a wise investment tool that allows you to grow your money with tax-deferred contributions. Because you defer paying taxes on your contributions to your Roth IRA, they are not tax deductible. * Consult your tax advisor for details.

Q: Are the fax and copier machines at Wright Patt Credit Union for public use?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union copier and fax machines are reserved for Wright-Patt Credit Union related services only.

Q: Can I exchange currency at Wright-Patt?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union does not deal with foreign currencies. Typically you will need to contact a larger Federal Bank who have the ability to convert US dollars to Foreign Currency.

Q: Can I get a Money Order through the drive-through?
A: Money Orders and Cashier's Checks can only be issued inside of our Wright-Patt Credit Union Member Centers or by calling the Member Help Center.

Q: Can I get something notarized at Wright Patt?
A: Yes, notary services are available at every Wright-Patt Credit Union Member Center.

Q: Can I make a loan payment at the PTM?
A: Yes, Person Teller Machines accept loan payments via cash, check, or transfer from a Wright-Patt Credit Union account.

Q: Can I make my mortgage payment at the PTM?
A: Personal Teller Machines accept both member and non-member mortgage payments via cash, check, or transfer from a Wright Patt Credit Union account.

Q: Can I order checks online?
A: If you have ordered checks from us within the past 3 years and the printed information on the checks has not changed, you can re-order checks online through our preferred online check printer, Deluxe.

Q: Can I re-order checks online?
A: Yes, Checks can be ordered through Online Banking. After logging in securely click on additional services in the main menu bar across the top of the page and select Check Reorder.

Q: Can I redeem my savings bond at a member center?
A: Certain types of Savings Bonds can be redeemed. You can visit a member center for redemption on Series E, Series EE, Series I, and Savings Notes. For all other Savings Bonds types, please refer to the Federal Reserve Bank.

Q: Can I transfer between different account numbers?
A: Members can transfer between Wright-Patt Credit Union accounts through Online Banking and Call-24. Accounts that are set up for this functionality are called cross member accounts. When activated you have the ability to transfer to the linked account but you may not view balance or transactional information or withdrawal from the linked account.

Q: Can I transfer money internationally using the External Transfer feature?
A: Unfortunately this feature is not available due to international legislation. Popmoney and External Transfer can only be used for domestic funds transfer.

Q: Can we get loan coupons?
A: As part of our paper-free initiative, we do not offer books of loan coupons. If you're mailing us a check, you can include your loan information in the memo line of the check to ensure it is posted to the correct account

Q: I received an insurance bill, did you?
A: You can contact member care toll free at 1-877-912-8006. You can also contact your insurance provider.

Q: i can't stand these robots?
A: I'm sorry about that. I'm still being trained. To contact us, tap on the help icon below. If you have any pressing questions, please call us at (800) 762-0047

Q: you were a great help?
A: No problem.

Q: Phone number?
A: To contact us, tap on the help icon below. If you have any pressing questions, please call us at (800) 762-0047

Q: am i talking to a person?
A: Hi there! I'm Patt, Wright-Patt Credit Union's FAQ Chat Bot. I'm still getting trained, so bear with me as I learn. If you have any pressing questions, please call us at (800) 762-0047. You can ask me questions like: what is the routing number? Or: what are your hours? So, do you have a question for me?

Q: help?
A: I'm a bot in training, you can try to ask me some questions.

Q: I need some help with my mortgage payment?
A: We have a dedicated page on our site to provide guidance for individuals experiencing financial hardship. You can get there by going to the Hardship Assistance tab on the main navigation bar.

Q: Do I need an appointment to close a loan?
A: An appointment is not necessary, but recommended.

Q: Do you have Safe Deposit Boxes?
A: Click [[here, https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/FAQ/Print-Demand/Safe_Deposit_POD.pdf]] for more information regarding safe deposit boxes, including locations and fees

Q: Do you have a Mobile Banking App?
A: Yes, Wright-Patt Credit Union offers Online and Mobile Banking. To download the app visit [[www.WPCU.coop/MobileApp, https://www.WPCU.coop/MobileApp]].

Q: Do you have a notary on staff?
A: A notary is available at every member center.

Q: how much can I get a gift card for?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers one-time use gift cards for a fee of $3.00 and are available for purchase at any of our member centers.

Q: What is the fee for a domestic wire?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers both domestic and international wire transfers. The processing fee for domestic wires is $20.00. The fee for international Wires is $50.00. Contact us at (800) 762-0047 to get started.

Q: Do you have an automated phone service?
A: Yes. WPCU offers Call-24TM, an audio response unit which gives you full access to your account 24 hours a day. You can obtain information such as account balance, deposit, transfer and payroll information as well as ATM and Debit card activity. (937) 912-8000 or (800) 336-7277 is available 24-hours a day

Q: Does Wright Patt issue Cashier's Checks?
A: Yes, Wright-Patt Credit Union can issue Cashier's Checks, as well as Money Orders. Checks are issued by either calling into the Member Help Center or visiting a Wright-Patt Credit Union Member Center. Fees may vary.

Q: Does Wright-Patt Credit Union have foreign currency for purchase or exchange?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union does not deal with foreign currencies. Typically you will need to contact a larger Federal Bank who have the ability to convert US dollars to Foreign Currency. Most Larger Federal Banks will convert money for you at no charge, without having an account with them.

Q: Does the EasySaver rounding program apply to check writing in addition to debit card?
A: No, the EasySaver program only applies to debit card transactions.

Q: What's included in an escrow account?
A: An escrow account is used when MyCUmortgage disburses tax and insurance payments on your behalf. A portion of your monthly mortgage payment goes into your escrow account to pay for future disbursements of your property taxes and insurance premiums. The amount collected in your escrow account is based on the estimated amount necessary to pay these obligations each year. During the year, payments are made from this account as bills come due. You may have initially had an escrow account set up at the time you obtained your mortgage or in some instances an escrow account may have been established after you already had your mortgage.

Q: do you offer business accounts?
A: First, you need to check to see if your Business is eligible for membership at Wright-Patt Credit Union. Eligibility requirements can be found on our Website. You can open a Business account at any Member Center. Please visit our [[website,https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/FAQ/Print-Demand/MBS_Toolkit_Bus_Resources.pdf]] to determine what documentation you should bring with you. All authorized signers should be present during the account opening.

Q: how do I setup automatic monthly payments on my mortgage?
A: You may complete the Recurring Payment Form and return it via mail to P.O. Box 341262 Beavercreek, OH 45434-1262 or fax to 937-912-7184.

Q: Can I get cash back on purchases?
A: Purchase Rewards is a free program offered on our website and mobile apps that allows members to activate rewards and get automatic cash back for purchases made on their Wright-Patt Credit Union debit cards. Funds will be deposited into members' accounts at the end of the following month after a qualified purchase is made. For more information or to view a short video, please our website: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]

Q: What is WPCU?
A: Back in the early 1930s during the Great Depression times were hard for everyone, and those who didn‰Ûªt work didn‰Ûªt get paid. Government workers at Wright Field (today‰Ûªs Wright-Patterson Air Force Base) joined together to contribute 25 cents a pay period to help a fellow co-worker who was ill and in need of financial support until he could return to work. Recognizing a good idea, they decided to create what they called the ‰ÛÏSunshine Fund,‰Û a shoebox located in the nurse‰Ûªs office, to help one another during tough times. In 1932, the fund evolved into what is now known as Wright-Patt Credit Union. In 2015 the Sunshine Community Fund Charter was established by WPCU to formalize our philanthropic support and continued commitment to the betterment of organizations and programs in the region. If you would like to learn more about the Sunshine Community Fund visit [[https://www.WPCU.coop/SunshineCommunityFund]].

Q: DO you have long term bond options?
A: As a member of Wright-Patt Credit Union you have access to experienced Financial Advisors as well as full service investment advising. To speak with an expert please contact us at 937-912-7855 or by email at finplan@wpcu.coop. You may also get additional information at [[www.wpcu.coop, https://www.wpcu.coop]]

Q: Do you have Business Check Capture?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers Business Check Capture which gives business members the ability to scan and deposit checks from the convenience of their home or office. For additional information visit our website [[https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/FAQ/Print-Demand/Business_Check_Capture_1.pdf]].

Q: what are the current business loan rates?
A: Please contact our Member Business Services department at [[https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/Products-Rates/Business-Accounts/Contact-Business-Services]] and a representative will get back to you to discuss Business Loan rates.

Q: How many days until my card gets to me?
A: Generally cards will be received within 5 business days from the order date.

Q: how do I improve my credit score?
A: Wright-Patt is dedicated to helping members achieve financial health . As a result Wright-Patt Credit Union has partnered with GreenPath to help members who are struggling financially or need general advice on how to improve their credit standing.Please contact Greenpath by calling 866-476-7284.

Q: How long until I get my funds after filing a dispute?
A: If you have filled a dispute with us, we will generally issue a provisional credit to your account within 10 business days. If you would like to request the provisional credit be expedited or need to file a dispute, please call us at 800-762-0047.

Q: how do I apply for a business loan?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers several types of Business Loans. If your loan request is for less than $50,000 and is not Real Estate related you can visit any of our Member Centers to apply. If your need is greater than $50,000 or is Real Estate related please visit our website at [[https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/Products-Rates/Business-Accounts/Contact-Business-Services]] and fill out a contact request. A representative from our Member Business Services team will reach out to you within one business day.

Q: What are your Business Account savings rates?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers Business Share Savings, Business Money Market, and Business Share Certificates. For a complete list of options and current dividend rates please visit our website at [[https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Rates/Business-Rates]].

Q: Why hasn't my tax bill been paid for my mortgage?
A: myCUmortgage uses the last date that the taxing authority in your area will accept payment as the due date for your tax bill(s). This date is the last date that taxes can be paid before penalties and/or interest charges will be assessed by the taxing authority for late or non-payment of taxes. Note: Many tax authorities accept the United States Postal Service non-metered postmark date as the receipt date for tax payments.

Q: Is there a charge to have a financial plan?
A: As a member of Wright-Patt Credit Union you have access to experienced Financial Advisors. Our Financial Advisors are available to talk over the phone or in person. There is no fee for a consultation. To schedule an appointment, please call us at 937-912-7855 or email us at finplan@wpcu.coop. For more information, visit our website at [[www.wpcu.coop, https://www.wpcu.coop]].

Q: How do I set up an auto transfer?
A: Online Banking allows members to schedule internal future-dated transfers as well as recurring transfers using a variety of payment frequencies. On the My Accounts page, click on the Make a Transfer button or hover over Move Money and click on Schedule a Transfer. For more information or to view a short video, please visit our website: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]

Q: How do I grant online account access to someone else?
A: Members can set up Shared Access when logged into our website. Hover over Additional Services and click on Share Access with others to allow another person access to view your account, send Bill Pay payments, or make transfers. The setup is customizable for each share/loan on the account.

Q: Do I need to mail you my tax ?
A: Applicable to escrowed mortgages only. A Homeowner Area is a state or an area within a state where the taxing authority issues the tax bill(s) directly to the homeowner and not to the lender. For properties in these homeowner areas the homeowner must send the tax bills to us. If the required bills are not received by myCUmortgage in a timely manner, myCUmortgage will not be responsible for the penalty and/or interest that may be charged for late or non-payment of the tax bill(s). Additionally, myCUmortgage will not be liable for any costs associated with the collection of the late tax that may be assessed by the tax authority or their agent.

Q: I work for the military, can you change my rate?
A: You may contact us directly at our toll free member care number 1-877-912-8006 and we would be happy to assist you.

Q: how do I receive a EIN number for my business?
A: You can visit [[https://www.irs.gov/]] to find more information about Employer Identification Numbers and how to obtain one.

Q: How do I pay my mortgage?
A: You may make your payment online, call Member Care at 1-877-912-8006, or mail your payment to 3560 Pentagon Boulevard, suite 201, Beavercreek, OH 45431-1706. Also, Personal Teller Machines accept both member and non-member mortgage payments via cash, check, or transfer from a Wright Patt Credit Union account.

Q: what is term life insurance?
A: As a member of Wright-Patt Credit Union you have access to experienced Financial Advisors.To speak with a Financial Advisor please call us at 937-912-7855 or email us at finplan@wpcu.coop. You can also visit our website at [[www.wpcu.coop, https://www.wpcu.coop]] for more information.

Q: I can't view my IRA online?
A: To link your investments to your Wright-Patt Credit Union account and enable for view within Online Banking, please call us at 937-912-7855 or email finplan@wpcu.coop.

Q: Where can I order a new card?
A: ATM/debit/credit card can be requested at any of member center locations or by calling our Member Help Center at (800)762-0047.

Q: Mobile deposit is not accepting my image?
A: If you are having problems using Mobile Deposit, please consider the following advice: (1) Take the picture in a well-lit room--avoid shadows (2) Use a contrasting solid-colored background (3) Back-up from the check, leaving space along the edges of the check. This helps the technology crop the check appropriately. If you try these techniques and are still having issues, please call us at 800-762-0047 or email us at contactus@wpcu.coop. 

Q: How to deposit check with desktop?
A: Members can deposit checks via desktop scanner on our website. When logged into your account, hover over Additional Services and select Products & Services. Under Remote Deposit, choose which account you‰Ûªd like to deposit your check into and click the Enter button. This will open up a new page and take you directly to our Mobile Deposit center. This page will also allow you to view mobile deposit history and check images.

Q: I have a non-profit organization can I open a checking account geared towards my type of business?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers a Mission Based Checking account for non-profit organizations. With no minimum balance required, and the ability to earn dividends this Checking account is a perfect fit for non-profit organizations. Please visit our [[website, https://www.wpcu.coop]] for additional information.

Q: Do you have a checking account that meets my business needs?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers 3 types of checking accounts; Simple Choice Checking, Dividend Choice Checking, and Mission Based Checking. For more information and details about business checking account types please visit our [[website, https://www.wpcu.coop]].

Q: how can I change my phone number for my mortgage?
A: You may edit contact information on the website. Other address changes must be submitted in writing, with a signature, to P.O. Box 341344 Beavercreek, OH 45434-1344. If you need to update your contact telephone number, please call Member Care at 1-877-912-8006.

Q: credit union vs bank?
A: Credit unions are not-for-profit organizations that exist to serve their members. Credit unions accept deposits, make loans and provide a wide array of other financial services. But as member-owned and cooperative institutions, credit unions provide a safe place to save and borrow at great rates. At Wright- Patt Credit Union we are dedicated to being be the best organization our member-owners have ever experienced.

Q: where can I find my eNotices?
A: You must be logged into our full website to view eNotices. Hover over Additional Services, select Products & Services, and click on the Enter button under the eNotices section. This will open up a new page and take you directly to your eNotices message center.

Q: Who is in charge of determining if I live in a flood zone?
A: The federal government passed a law in 1994 that allows flood insurance to be required on a mortgage, if the property is in a Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA) as determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).

Q: Why did I receive a letter stating that insurance was added?
A: A Force-Placed policy is coverage that has been obtained by the lender when proof of required insurance coverage has lapsed, been canceled, or has not been received. Force-placed or lender-placed insurance (LPI) protects only the lender and does not cover personal possessions. It is your responsibility to provide us with proof of your insurance coverage in a timely manner. Force-Placed coverage is a safeguard to protect our interest in the property if damage was to occur and you had not maintained adequate insurance coverage. These policies are high risk policies and are almost always more expensive than insurance coverage you can purchase yourself. Force-Placed Insurance will not include coverage for the occupants' personal property, for personal property lost/stolen/damaged outside of the covered real property, or for the value of the property in excess of the mortgage balance.

Q: I wanted to know why some of my online transactions have been declined? Is there a block on my account?
A: Sorry, I am not yet trained to perform transactions or give specific account details. For more information about your account, please log into Online or Mobile Banking; and for demos on how to perform transactions, click [[here, https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]. For now, you can ask general service-related questions like: what is the routing number, or what are your member center hours?

Q: What are the recent transactions for my checking account?
A: Sorry, I am not yet trained to perform transactions or give specific account details. For more information about your account, please log into Online or Mobile Banking; and for demos on how to perform transactions, click [[here, https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]. For now, you can ask general service-related questions like: what is the routing number, or what are your member center hours?

Q: How Do I reset my call-24 PIN?
A: You may reset your Call-24 PIN by calling our Member Help Center at (800) 762-0047 or by visiting any Member Center.

Q: How are you?
A: I am great and ready to help in any way I can. Please feel free to ask me questions you have about services at Wright-Patt Credit Union.

Q: How can I change my mailing address or other personal information?
A: Personal information can be updated through Online Banking. Once you have logged in click "my settings" to update information such as address, and e-mail address. Personal Information can also be changed by visiting a member center or by calling us.

Q: How can I view cleared checks?
A: You can view images of cleared checks in Online Banking. To view an image just go to your transaction history for the account the check cleared from. Once you have found the transaction entry of the check click on the check number appearing as a blue link to load the image.

Q: Where can I see my statement?
A: eStatements can be accessed by logging into your account online, hovering over the Additional Services tab, and clicking on eStatements.

Q: How do I activate my new debit card?
A: You can activate your new debit card by calling the number on the back of the card. Please follow the automated prompts to activate your card and create a new PIN.

Q: How do I apply for a ReadyLine?
A: Apply online, at a member center, or by calling our Member Help Center at (800) 762-0047.

Q: How do I apply for a StrechPay Line of Credit?
A: You may apply online, visit any member center or call our Member Help Center at (800) 762-0047

Q: How do I apply for a job at WPCU?
A: For available positions or to submit an application with Wright-Patt Credit Union, please visit [[www.WPCU.coop/careers, https://www.WPCU.coop/careers]]

Q: How do I change my PIN?
A: If you know the current PIN you can do this at a participating ATM Machine or by calling (800) 899-4042. If you do NOT know your current PIN please visit any Member Center or contact us.

Q: How do I change my address?
A: Personal information can be updated in Online Banking under My Settings.

Q: I moved. How do I close my account while out of state?
A: To close your account: You can stop into any local member center to complete the request. If you are out of the area, please submit a brief letter in writing with your signature, copy of your driver's license, and current mailing address requesting the account be closed to: Wright-Patt Credit Union, Inc. Attn: Member Help Center 3560 Pentagon Blvd. Beavercreek, OH 45431

Q: Where can I find my mortgage documents online?
A: A selection of mortgage documents may be viewed online. You may request documents by mailing your written request with a signature to: myCUmortgage Attn: Research P.O. Box 341344 Beavercreek, OH 45434-1344 

Q: How do I pay on a loan from another bank?
A: The ability to pay Wright-Patt Credit Union loans from other financial institutions using Online and Mobile Banking is coming soon. Until then, you can mail in your payments, call our Member Help Center at (800) 762-0047, or visit your nearest Member Center.

Q: How do I perform a cross transfer in Online Banking?
A: Once you have logged into Online Banking click on "make a transfer" just above your balances. You will be asked to select a FROM and TO account. In the TO section you will have the option of selecting the linked account you wish to transfer to.

Q: How do I re-advance my Stretch Pay Loan?
A: Stretch Pay Loans must be paid in full before the loan can be re-advanced. Please visit a Wright-Patt Credit Union Member Center or call the Member Help Center for more information (800) 762-0047.

Q: How do I receive a fee refund?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union considers fee refunds on a case by case basis.

Q: How do I register for online banking?
A: To begin utilizing your Wright-Patt Credit Union home banking services, you will need to register as a new user. 1. Begin by visiting our home page at [[www.WPCU.coop, https://www.WPCU.coop]]; 2. In the home banking login area click the New User link (located directly under the blue Log In button)

Q: fraudulent charge?
A: If your WPCU debit/credit or ATM card is lost or stolen, please call (800) 762-0047 or (800) 523-4175 if it is after-hours, immediately. You can also report your card as lost or stolen by calling our audio response system, Call-24, at (800) 336-7277.

Q: How do I set up online banking access to my account?
A: To set up Online Banking access you will need to register as a new user by visiting [[www.WPCU.coop, https://www.WPCU.coop]]. The following information is needed to set up access: Name, Address, Phone Number, Social Security Number as well as your member number.

Q: How do I transfer between accounts?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union allows Member-Owners to transfer between different account numbers through our OnlineBanking service as well as Call-24&trade;. When activated and logged in to one of the accounts, you will have the ability to transfer to the other account.

Q: How do I update my last name?
A: You can complete a name change on your account at any one of our Member Centers.

Q: How can I transfer funds to an account that's not Wright patt?
A: External Transfer allows you to transfer between deposit accounts at Wright-Patt Credit Union and many other financial institutions. For more information or to view a short video, please visit our website: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]

Q: Why did my mortgage insurance increase?
A: Your taxing authority and insurance company determine the amount of your tax and insurance payments. When your mortgage is escrowed, we take responsibility for making payment of your tax and insurance bills; however, the payment liability is still your obligation. If you should receive any notices from your insurance carrier, broker or agent or the taxing authority regarding your payment, please advise us immediately.

Q: Why does my rate change on my ARM Loan?
A: In determining the interest rate on your ARM, lenders add a few percentage points to the index rate. This is called the margin, and it is added to the index to determine your interest rate. The index is a published rate such as the prime, T-Bill, or LIBOR. The index for your particular mortgage is established at the time of application. Changes in the index rate can cause changes in your ARM rate. If the index rates move up, your mortgage rate may as well. On the other hand, if the index rate drops, your mortgage rate and monthly payment may do that.

Q: How long does it take to process a check that was deposited through the mobile deposit feature?
A: All mobile deposits are subject to review. Generally, the first $200 deposited will be made available on the next business day, the next $4800 on the second business day, and the remaining funds on the fifth business day. Exception apply. Please visit [[wpcu.coop, http://www.wpcu.coop]] and click on Disclosures at the bottom of the page for more information.

Q: How long does it take to be eligible for Online Banking?
A: There is no wait to use WPCU ON-LINE Online Banking and Bill Pay. Once you have established the necessary accounts with us visit [[www.wpcu.coop, https://www.wpcu.coop]] to register.

Q: how much money can i get out at an ATM?
A: Generally, the daily limit is $500. For exceptions or more information, please call our Member Help Center (800) 762-0047 or visit your nearest Member Center location.

Q: how do I add my husband to the mortgage account?
A: All authorizations for third parties must be submitted in writing using the myCUmortgage Third Party Authorization Form. The completed form may be sent by the following methods: Mail: P.O. Box 341344 Beavercreek, OH 45434-1344 Email: membercare@mycumortgage.com Fax: 937-912-7184

Q: how do I report a property damage?
A: For property damage concerns please contact your insurance company, if you have any additional questions please contact us at our toll free number, 877-912-8006.

Q: fraudulent charge on my account?
A: First, please know Wright-Patt Credit Union will cover any confirmed fraud on your account. Please call us at (800)762-0047 or visit your nearest Member Help Center location. We will help close your card, order a new one, and start the dispute process.

Q: Is Wright-Patt Credit Union affiliated with the military?
A: Although Wright-Patt Credit Union began as a credit union whose membership was only Wright-Patterson Air Force Base personnel; our membership base has expanded over the years.

Q: Is my account insured?
A: Yes - your deposits at Wright-Patt Credit Union are federally insured up to a total of $250,000 per ownership interest by the National Credit Union Association (NCUA).

Q: Is the login on the homepage secure?
A: Sites that are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) can typically be identified by looking for the browser padlock icon or https in the address. The main content of our public website is not encrypted with SSL, but the login at the top of each page is. That portion is contained within an inline frame, or iFrame, that is loaded from our SSL-secured servers.

Q: Is there a limit on how many times I can use my debit card on a daily basis?
A: There are no limits on the number of times you can use your debit card each day; However, there are daily dollar limits for the protection of our members. If you need to make a larger purchase, please contact Wright-Patt Credit Union by calling (800) 762-0047

Q: Is there a limit on how often I use my debit card?
A: There are no limits on the number of times you can use your card but there are daily dollar limits for our members protection.

Q: how would I know my mortgage rate changed?
A: MyCUmortgage mails out notification letters prior to the change as prescribed by federal regulations. MyCUmortgage also sends out billing statements which reflect the current interest rate.

Q: How does overdraft protection work?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union offers overdraft protection. When an overdraft occurs on your checking account with us, funds can be automatically transferred to cover the negative balance. WPCU can set up your savings account to be a source of overdraft protection, or you can apply for a ReadyLine Line-of-Credit loan which will be attached to your checking account as the primary source of overdraft protection. To have your overdraft set up or updated, please visit a Member Center or call our help center at 1 (800) 762-0047.

Q: Can i confirm a planned vacation trip through the app so my card doesn't get declined?
A: Our fraud detection service is highly sophisticated and doesn't impact members as they travel within the United States. If you are traveling to a different country, please let us know by calling our Member Help Center (800) 762-0047 or by coming into one of our convenient locations.

Q: Do you offer stop payments on checks?
A: A stop payments can be placed on a single check or a series of checks made payable out of your Wright-Patt Credit Union account. If you wish to process a check stop payment you may do by logging into Online Banking and going to Additional Service > Stop Pay. Stop payments may also be placed by visiting any of our Member Centers or by calling 1 (800) 762-0047. The current stop payment fee is $25.00.

Q: What Credit reporting agency does Wright Patt Credit Union use?
A: WPCU uses TransUnion as the primary credit reporting agency to help make decisions on credit eligibility. Equifax acts a secondary agency for credit inquiries.

Q: What are the denominations from the PTMs?
A: The PTM offers dollar denominations in Ones, Fives, Twenties, and Fifties. The PTM also offers coin in pennies, nickels, and quarters.

Q: How much can I get a signature loan for?
A: The minimum amount that can be requested with a Signature Loan is $500. The maximum amount is $40,000.

Q: What are username requirements?
A: The new system will require your username to have the following requirements: Must be between 8 - 20 characters long and cannot be all numbers

Q: What are your rates on Savings Accounts?
A: WPCU offers competitive rates on all deposits and loans make the most of your money by saving better and borrowing smarter. For a full list of rates please follow this [[link, https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Rates]]

Q: What do I need to open an account?
A: First, you need to check to see if you are eligible for membership at Wright-Patt Credit Union. Eligibility requirements can be found on our [[Website, https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/About-Us/Eligibility]]. You can open an account at any Member Center or you can obtain a [[Member application, https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/Open-Account-Loan/Membership&#37;20Application.pdf]] on our website: Print out the application and complete it. Please be sure to fill out "How are you eligible". Each applicant must sign the application. You must have the application notarized. You must mail the application along with a copy of a Photo ID for each applicant. Please enclose the $5.00 initial deposit to the savings account. Mail these documents to: Wright-Patt Credit Union Attn: Member Service 3560 Pentagon Blvd. Beavercreek, OH 45431

Q: What happens when my Share Certificate matures?
A: Once your certificate reaches maturity, you can have the funds automatically transferred to another Wright-Patt account, roll it into a new certificate with the same terms, or choose a new term.

Q: What if my VISA card is lost/stolen?
A: If your WPCU debit/credit or ATM card is lost or stolen, please call (800) 762-0047 or (800) 523-4175 if it is after-hours, immediately. You can also report your card as lost or stolen by calling our audio response system, Call-24, at (800) 336-7277.

Q: Hello. I am entering an account number for an online bill payment. I need help identifying the correct info.?
A: Bill Pay allows you to pay and manage all of your bills in one convenient location and eliminates the need for checks, stamps, or envelopes. For more information or to view a short video, please visit our website: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]

Q: What is the fee to send popmoney?
A: Popmoney allows you to send money to other people using email, text, or bank account information. For more information or to view a short video, please visit our website: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/Tips-Tools/Online-Services]]

Q: Why is more money being collected than needed for my escrow account?
A: Your mortgage documents may refer to a Reserve on an escrow account, usually called a "Cushion". This Reserve requirement is allowed by federal and most state laws and acts as an additional safeguard to cover unforeseen increases in the items to be paid from your account or disbursements made before all of your payments have been made into your escrow account for any given year. The reserve represents a percentage of your total yearly disbursements. In most states the cushion is equal to one or two months of your escrow payment. In some cases (such as escrow shortage), we may use some of the reserve amount in order to assist you in meeting tax and insurance obligations.

Q: What is Score Card Rewards?
A: Score Card Rewards is a program that encourages you to use your card for your purchases. Points are earned for each dollar spent. For more information please visit [[https://www.scorecardrewards.com]] or Call (800) 854-0790

Q: What is Shared Branching?
A: Shared Branching is a way for our members to make transactions at another credit union when a Wright-Patt Credit Union member center is not available. Shared Branching locations allow you to conduct most basic transactions, just as you would at your own credit union. For a Shared Service Center near you, go to [[www.wpcu.coop, https://www.wpcu.coop]] and use the Search Locations box at the top of the page.

Q: What is a transit number?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union's Routing and Transit number is 242279408. An ABA number, also known as the Routing and Transit number, uniquely identifies Wright-Patt Credit Union and is used for electronic processing. This number also appears as the first 9 digits on the bottom left-hand corner of your Wright-Patt Credit Union checks.

Q: What is a ReadyLine?
A: ReadyLine is a new revolving line of credit from Wright-Patt that you can use whenever expenses hit, whether they're expected or unexpected. ReadyLine is ready when you need it!

Q: What is a cross border/ International fee?
A: A Cross Border fee is a transaction fee associated with a purchase made in a foreign country using a Visa Debit/Credit Card. The charge for cross border fees is 1&#37; of the purchase so the amount varies per transaction.

Q: What is a patronage dividend?
A: When we have money left over at the end of the year, we give it back to members in a Special Patronage Dividend as a thank you to our members for choosing Wright-Patt Credit Union for their financial needs. However, Special Patronage Dividends are never guaranteed.

Q: What is a stretch pay line of credit?
A: StretchPay is a short-term cash advance that helps you pay for unexpected expenses, without being taken advantage of by high-rate payday lenders.

Q: What is an EasySaver Account?
A: EasySaver is a Round-Up Program that works in conjunction with your Debit Card. Sign up for EasySaver, and every time you enjoy the convenience of your Wright-Patt debit card, we'll round-up your purchase to the nearest whole dollar and deposit the difference into your Wright-Patt EasySaver account.

Q: What is the closest location to me?
A: For your convenience, you can visit our website at [[https://www.WPCU.coop]] and use the Search Locations box at the top of the page or use the "Locations" option on our app. You can also call our Member Help Center (800) 762-0047 M-F 8:00 am to 8:00 pm and Sat 9:00am to 1:00 pm to obtain location and hour information.

Q: I am entering an account number for an online bill payment. I need help identifying the correct info?
A: Your full account number is located at the bottom of your checks. You can also log into home banking, click on account to view transaction history, then click on "see account details". This 13-digit processing number is used for direct deposits, payroll deductions and other automated deposits and withdrawals. Members can also call or visit a member center to get their full account number format or visit our website [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Links/Routing-Number]] for more information

Q: What is the difference between a traditional IRA and a Roth IRA?
A: IRAs are a great way for you to save for the future. Your IRA can consist of a range of investments from savings accounts, stocks, bonds, and certificates of deposit or share certificates. The tax advantages of a Traditional or Roth IRA depend on your annual income and whether you are covered by your company's retirement plan. Click [[here, https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/FAQ/Print-Demand/IRA_POD.pdf]] for more information

Q: what is your fees?
A: Click [[here, https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/FAQ/Disclosures/General&#37;20Fee&#37;20Schedule.pdf]] to view our general fee schedule

Q: What is the grace period on loans?
A: Late fees are not assessed on loans until the last day of the month for credit cards ($20), 15 days past the due date for mortgages (5&#37; of payment), and 10 days past the due date for all other loan types (5&#37; of payment).

Q: What is the member choice program?
A: Your current Member Choice relationship is printed on the first line in the Summary section of your current statement. For additional information of the Member Choice Levels of Membership Please click [[here, https://www.wpcu.coop/Portals/3/FAQ/Print-Demand/member_choice_POD.pdf]].

Q: What is the minimum credit score needed to qualify for a mortgage?
A: Wright-Patt Credit Union takes many things into consideration when applying for a mortgage loan. For more information or to apply, you can visit our website at [[www.WPCU.coop, https://www.WPCU.coop]] or call our Wright-Patt Credit Union Mortgage Lending Department at (800) 762-0047 ext 7680 or (937) 912-7680 and one of our experienced Loan Officers may assist you.

Q: What is your name?
A: My name is Patt from Wright-Patt Credit Union.

Q: What member centers have coin machines?
A: Coin machines are available in many of our member centers. For more information about availability, hours and location please follow the link below: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Learn-More/About-Us/Locations]]

Q: What security precautions should I take for keeping my account information safe?
A: We use Secure 128 bit encryption technology to keep your account information safe as it passes over the internet, but you play an equally important role in keeping your account safe. Here are some tips: 1. Memorize your passwords, do not write them down. 2. Change your passwords often. 3. Always use the "logout" and "sign off" button and never leave your computer unattended.

Q: What steps has Wright-Patt Credit Union taken to protect my WPCU Debit and Credit Cards?
A: Falcon is a fraud identification service we utilize for our valued credit and debit card members. Falcon works behind the scenes to monitor card activity and identify potential fraud. Members will receive notification via telephone call or e-mail notifying them if their card is being used for unusual financial transactions. In addition Falcon looks for any name mismatch during Signature based transactions. We also offer our members the ability to add security to their Visa Cards for online transactions with "Verified by Visa."

Q: What types of accounts do you have at Wright-Patt Credit Union?
A: For a complete listing of account offerings, please visit our website at: [[https://www.WPCU.coop/Open-An-Account-Loan]] or your nearest Member Center Location.

Q: What types of vehicles does Wright-Patt Credit Union offer loans for?
A: We offer loans on automobiles, boats, trucks, motorcycles and recreational vehicles such as RV's

Q: When are account statements sent out?
A: Account statements are sent out at the beginning of every month. Alternatively, members can sign up to receive statements electronically and receive them days sooner on our website.

Q: When do you mail out tax forms?
A: You will receive a 1099INT if you earned at least $10.00 in dividends. Forms are normally mailed in January to be received before January 31st

Q: When will I be notified of the escrow analysis?
A: The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) requires lenders to perform an escrow analysis at least once every twelve months. If there are significant changes in any of the bill amounts during the course of the year, we may analyze the account more frequently.

Q: How many times can you transfer money from your savings to checking?
A: Federal Regulation D restricts the number of electronic transfers made from a savings accounts. You are allowed up to six electronic transfers from each savings account per month. Transactions made in person or by ATM do not count towards Reg D.

Q: locations?
A: For more information about availability of services, hours and locations click [[here, https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/About-Us/Locations]]

Q: what are eligibility requirements for membership?
A: Anyone who lives, works, worships or attends school in a county we serve is eligible to be a member at WPCU. Additionally, spouses, children, and certain other relatives of those eligible for WPCU membership can apply for an account. For more information please visit the following [[link, https://www.wpcu.coop/Learn-More/About-Us/Eligibility]] on our website

Q: Why do I have to get a one-time passcode each time I log in?
A: Multi-factor authentication looks for cookies stored on your device from previous successful logins and protects from unauthorized access. If you are always prompted for MFA, first, make sure you have selected the "Private" computer option when logging in. Next, ensure your browser is able to store cookies. Finally, make sure your antivirus software is not clearing cookies. If you are still having problems, please call our Member Help Center at (800) 762-0047, option 3, option 2.

Q: Why was CPI insurance added to my loan?
A: CPI Insurance is added to a vehicle loan when proof of insurance has not been formally submitted to Wright-Patt Credit Union. For further information on CPI, please contact our Collections department at (937) 912-7430.

Q: Why was I charged a fee on my account?
A: Sorry, I am not yet trained to access personal account information. Please visit a Wright-Patt Credit Union Member Center or call our Member Help Center Line at (800) 762-0047 for further information regarding your account.

Q: What are your hours?
A: Our branches are open Monday - Thursday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Friday.  Our Member Service Center is open Monday - Friday 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday.

Q: What holidays are EECU locations closed?
A: Click the link below to view our holiday schedule for the current year.http://www.myeecu.org/home/about-eecu/holiday-schedule

Q: Does EECU offer a Notary Service?
A: Yes.  Notary Service is available at any EECU Branch location.

Q: I received a Secure e-mail message from the Credit Union; is it safe to open?
A: The credit union uses e-mail encryption software to protect sensitive member information.  Occasionally, you may receive an e-mail from us that has been encrypted.  To read the e-mail, you will click the link in the body of the e-mail and then follow the instructions for setting up a Messenger Account.  You will be asked to enter your first and last name, create a Secure E-Mail/Messenger password, and password hint phrase to set up the account.  Once the setup is complete you may return to your e-mail inbox and read the e-mail.  The next time you receive a secure e-mail from the credit union, you will only need to enter your Secure E-Mail/Messenger password.

Q: How do I update my contact information?
A: If you have Online Access Home Banking you can update your address and contact information quickly and easily. Simply login and select My Settings in the upper right, then select Update Contact Information. You may also complete the Change of Address form on or website or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will be happy to assist you. 

Q: How do I close my EECU account?
A: We need your signature in order to close your account.  You may write a letter and mail or fax it to us, or visit an EECU branch to close your account.  Our fax number is 559-451-0372.

Q: Do you send 1099 tax reporting forms via e-mail?
A: For security purposes we are unable to provide any account information through e-mail. For your convenience, 1099 information is printed on the last page of your December statement.

Q: How can I get copies of past statements?
A: If you have Online Access Home Banking you have immediate access to your current and past statements - at no charge.  Or, you may visit any EECU branch or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 to request statement copies.  Refer to our Schedule of Fees for the current statement copy fee.

Q: Do you provide interest income statements for tax purposes?
A: We mail 1099 interest income tax forms in January. If you earned less than $10.00 of interest for the year, you will not receive a 1099 form from us.  If this is the case, your December statement will show interest paid to you for the year.

Q: How do I open a second account with EECU?
A: To open a second account, you will need to fill out a Master Account Application.  You may visit any branch office, or call our Member Service Center to have a form mailed to you.  You may also apply online at https://www.myeecu.org/home/forms/membership-application.  A completed signature card will be mailed to you for your signature.  Upon receiving the signature card, you may return it to any branch office, or mail it to PO Box 5242, Fresno, CA 93755.  Be sure to include the minimum deposit of $5.00 per member for the savings account, and an additional $5 if you open a checking account.

Q: What is the minimum balance to earn dividends on my savings account?
A: Dividends are paid on savings accounts with balances of $250 of more.

Q: How many withdrawals can I make from my savings account each month?
A: Federal Regulation D limits the number of transfers/withdrawals from your savings account each month to six (6) when using Personal Telephone Access, Online Access Home Banking, phone/fax, pre-authorized automatic ACH transfers, and overdraft transfers. After the sixth transaction using one of these methods, all other savings account-related transactions will be denied, even if funds are available in the account. You can make unlimited transfers/withdrawals from your savings account at an ATM, in person at any EECU branch, or by mail.

Q: How do I change my last name on my account?
A: To change your name, you may visit any branch office and request to complete a new Master Account Card (signature card).  If the change is due to marriage, you will need to present your marriage certificate (legal document) as well as your California drivers license.  All owners on the account must sign the new signature card to change your account information.

Q: What is a Holiday Wise Club account?
A: Our Holiday Wise Club account allows you to save for holiday expenses while earning a higher interest rate than you would receive on a regular share savings account.  The account matures on November 1 and the funds and dividends are automatically transferred to your savings or checking account.

Q: Does EECU offer Safety Deposit Boxes?
A: We do not offer safety deposit boxes, but many financial institutions do and will not require you to have an account in order to open a safety deposit box.  You may want to call other institutions to find out which one will best suit your needs.

Q: Can I open a Holiday Wise Club without coming into the branch?
A: Yes, you may call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will be happy to assist you in opening a Holiday Wise Club account.

Q: Does EECU offer CDs or Certificates?
A: EECU is a full-service financial institution offering savings and checking accounts, Share and IRA certificates, consumer and real estate loans, Visa credit cards, investment and insurance services, and much more.  For more information about our products and services, please browse the product page of our website or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328

Q: How do I transfer funds from my Holiday Wise Club to my checking account?
A: You may transfer funds from your Holiday Wise Club account to your checking account by visiting any branch office or calling our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.  Please be advised that early withdrawals/transfers from your Holiday Wise Club, prior to Club year end on October 31, will result in the loss of all dividends paid through the club year.

Q: Can I make arrangements with EECU to ensure use of my ATM/Debit/Credit card while traveling?
A: If you have Online Access Home Banking, login to our full site and complete the Traveling Members form in the Additional Services menu. Or, you may call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.

Q: If I close an EECU account and open a new one, will my payroll check be deposited into my new account automatically?
A: As a courtesy to our members who have had changes to their accounts and are still expecting electronic deposits, Educational Employees Credit Union will manually post all electronic deposits for a period of 60 days regardless of the frequency of those deposits. If you regularly monitor your account and you do not see a deposit being made within the time that it is expected, please notify us by e-mail or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and we will look into the matter for you.

Q: How do I add my spouse to my account?
A: You will need to complete a new signature card in order to add your spouse to your account.  You may e-mail us with your request, or call the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: How do I request a new laminated membership card?
A: You may e-mail us with your request, or call the Member Service Center at 437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: Does a "domestic partner" qualify for membership?
A: Our membership is open to school employees, students, members of school organizations, and their family members. Once you're a member you create eligibility for other family members and household members.  
Family members include spouses, parents, registered domestic partners, children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, grandparents, siblings, step-parents, step-children, step-siblings, and adoptive relationships; household members are defined as those persons living in the same residence and maintaining a single economic unit.If your registered domestic partner qualifies for membership based on these guidelines, that person is eligible to open an account.  If your partner does not qualify for membership under our guidelines or on his/her own, you are welcome to add your partner as a Joint Owner on your account.

Q: Does EECU offer Savings Bonds?
A: We do not offer savings bonds, however you may purchase them online from the federal government.  For more information, visit their web site at http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/.

Q: Does EECU offer Individual Retirement Accounts (IRA)?
A: Yes, we offer Traditional and Roth Individual Retirement Accounts. Both are available as IRA Share Savings or IRA Share Certificate accounts. We also offer the Coverdell Education Savings Account.  To open an IRA, please call the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or visit any EECU branch.

Q: Can I keep my credit union account if I move away?
A: Once a member, always a member. As long as you keep $5 in your savings account ($10 for joint membership), your credit union account will remain open and you can continue to enjoy the benefits of EECU membership.

Q: Does EECU offer Trust Accounts?
A: Yes, EECU offers revocable trust accounts. A revocable trust can be changed by the Trustor(s) of the account. By establishing a trust, members can avoid having their assets go through the probate courts which may involve excessive delays, high costs and unnecessary publicity. For more information regarding a Trust account and how it may benefit you, we recommend consulting a legal professional.

Q: How do I apply for a job with the credit union?
A: Resumes may be sent to our email address, jobs@myeecu.org. Our preferred format is Microsoft Word or plain text.  You may also mail your resume to Educational Employees Credit Union, P.O. Box 5242, Fresno, CA  93755, or pick up an employment application at any EECU branch.

Q: Can I add someone to my account who is not eligible for membership?
A: If you already have an account with the credit union and you qualified for membership under our guidelines, you may add a Joint Owner to your account.  A new Master Account Card will need to be completed to add a Joint Owner.

Q: Do you offer accounts for kids?
A: Yes.  Children under 18 with a Social Security Number who meet our eligibility requirements can become a member of the credit union.  The parent or legal guardian is required to be a Joint Owner on the account unless the minor can complete the account card, sign their name and provide a photo ID.  For a checking account, ATM Card or access to the account using Personal Telephone Access (PTA) or Online Access Home Banking, a parent/guardian Joint Owner is required.  The parent must sign for the child if the child can not, as well as sign for themselves.  Minor accounts earn dividends on balances above $0.

Q: Can I apply for online access to my child's account?
A: You may enroll a minor account in Online Access; however, a parent or guardian on the account is required to sign the application. You may apply for this service by visiting one of our branch locations or by contacting EECU at 1-800-538-3328. 

Q: Does EECU exchange foreign currency?
A: We do not exchange foreign currency.  You might want to check with an airport since some airports deal in foreign currency, or check with other financial institutions to see if they offer this service.

Q: Will I receive an account statement every month?
A: If you do not have a checking account or electronic access such as an ATM/Debit card, your statement is only sent quarterly.  If you would like to request that your statements be sent to you monthly, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.

Q: Does EECU redeem Savings Bonds?
A: Because we do not offer savings bonds, we are unable to redeem them.

Q: Does EECU offer investment counseling or financial planning services?
A: Our Member Investment and Insurance Services investment professionals can help you design an investment plan to meet your goals and objectives.  You can meet one-on-one at a branch location that is convenient for you, and it is easy to schedule an appointment.For more information or to schedule an appointment, visit our web site and select Investments from the Services menu, or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: I'd like to add a sub-share to my account. Do I have to come into a branch to do it?
A: If you are an existing member of Educational Employees Credit Union, you may open a sub-share account by mail or telephone. Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.

Q: Is it possible to remove a person from my account?
A: Yes. The ideal way in which to remove a joint owner from the account is to visit one of our branch locations and have the person who is to be removed from the account sign a release of interest card. You will then be required to fill out and sign a form to update your account. If this is not an option, you may close the current account and open a new one in your name only.

Q: Does EECU disclose any of my account information with other companies?
A: EECU values the trust that you place in us to protect the personal information you provide when obtaining financial services. We do not share your personal information with outside third parties for reasons other than those described in the Privacy Policy on our website.  Because we do not share information, our Privacy Policy is fairly simple and easy to understand.

Q: Can I designate a different beneficiary for each of the suffixes and certificates on my account?
A: Due to the structure of accounts at EECU, the beneficiary you designate for one suffix is the beneficiary of all share suffixes, share draft (checking) and other share certificates listed for that account number. However, if you would like to designate a single beneficiary for a suffix or certificate, you may do so by opening a separate account. The person you designate would then be beneficiary to only the suffixes and/or certificates on that account.

Q: How do I change the beneficiary(s) on my account?
A: You will need to complete and sign a new membership card so we may update our records with the correct information.

Q: What is a dormant account?
A: California's Unclaimed Property Law stipulates that the balance of accounts with no activity for the last three years be remitted to the state controller's office as abandoned property.  If you do not deposit to, withdraw from, or show a personal interest in your credit union account, the balance will become unclaimed property and will be escheated to the state.  In order to prevent escheatment, you must show a continuing interest by making a deposit to or withdrawal from your account.

Q: How do I change my address?
A: There are several ways to update your contact information. Login to Online Access Home Banking and select My Settings (top right menu), then select Update Contact Information. You may also complete the change of address form on our website. Or, give us a call at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: How do I report a lost or stolen ATM/Debit Card?
A: Contact the credit union immediately at 1-800-538-3328 (including after hours) to report a lost or stolen EECU ATM/Debit Card.

Q: What is the daily withdrawal limit on my ATM/Debit Card?
A: Depending on the card type, you may withdraw $100 - $500 per day.  Feel free to contact the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for more information regarding your specific card limit.

Q: If my ATM/Debit card is damaged, how do I get a replacement card?
A: Visit any branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. Your damaged card will be disabled and a replacement card will be ordered for you.

Q: I can?t remember my ATM/Debit Card PIN. What do I do?
A: If you'd like to change your Visa Debit Card PIN, call PIN Now at 1-888-891-2435 from the number on file for your account; the PIN will be effective immediately.

Q: What should I do if my ATM/Debit Card is used fraudulently?
A: Contact the credit union as soon as possible at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU Monday ? Friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., and Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.

Q: What is the difference between an ATM Card and Debit Card?
A: A Debit Card works just like a standard ATM card, but with one big advantage - you can use your Debit Card at any merchant displaying the Visa? logo. The purchase amount is deducted from your checking account, and you will receive a monthly statement of your Debit Card activity.

Q: My ATM card is expiring soon.   Will you send me a new one or do I need to call?
A: We will send you a new card prior to the expiration date shown on the front of the card.  If you do not receive a card prior to the expiration date, please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: How do I sign up for the ATM/Debit Card Purchase Rewards program?
A: You don't have to sign up or enroll in Purchase Rewards.  Simply use your EECU ATM/Debit card to make purchases and the Purchase Rewards offers will be displayed in Online Access.

Q: How do I request to have my ATM withdrawal limit increased temporarily?
A: Educational Employees Credit Union is unable to change the withdrawal limits for ATM transactions. However, if you prefer to make a purchase with your card at the point of sale, we may be able to temporarily increase your purchase limit. Currently, most purchases by debit card are limited to $2500 in transactions per day. Please contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.

Q: How will I know if an ATM is a CO-OP ATM?
A: If the ATM is part of the CO-OP ATM Network, you?ll see a sticker on the ATM with the CO-OP logo. If you see this logo, you can use the ATM free of charge.

Q: Are there fees for using my ATM or Debit Card? 
A: There are no fees for using your EECU ATM or Debit Card at any EECU ATM or CO-OP ATM. However, some financial institutions impose a surcharge fee at their ATM if you?re not their customer. EECU may also charge network fees if you use an ATM other than EECU or CO-OP ATMs.

Q: Where do I go to view Purchase Rewards offers? 
A: In the full site, the Purchase Reward offers are displayed on the Accounts screen and the Checking Account transactions screen. New offers will be labeled as ?New Offers? until you click to activate them. Once clicked, the reward is ?loaded onto? the associated debit card. Simply click on an offer to view the details.To view Purchase Rewards in the mobile app, login and select the More icon and then select Offers.

Q: What is the Purchase Rewards program?
A: The Purchase Rewards program lets you earn rewards by using your EECU debit card to purchase merchandise and services. The program is available to all debit cardholders. Through this program, you?ll receive targeted offers to receive rewards on purchases based on how you shop. As a cardholder, there is no limit to the rewards you can earn. So, the more you use your EECU debit card, the more offers you can receive and the more rewards you can earn!

Q: Why haven't I received any Purchase Reward offers? 
A: Offers are based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to your shopping patterns. If you don?t frequently use your debit card, you may not be receiving any offers. The more you use your EECU debit card, the more chances you will have to receive relevant offers!

Q: Why am I charged a fee when I use my ATM card at some ATMs but not at others? 
A: If you use your ATM card at a non-EECU ATM you may incur network fees from the other financial institution.   If an EECU ATM is not in your area, we recommend using a Co-Op ATM. Withdrawals, deposits and transfers made at a Co-Op ATM are fee-free. The Co-Op logo is printed on the back of your ATM/debit card; look for this logo on the ATM.For non-Co-Op ATMs, the network charges $0.50 for inquiries, and $1.00 for cash withdrawals and transfers. EECU does not charge nor do we benefit from those fees, and they may vary from location to location. A prompt or disclaimer should appear before the transaction is completed, subject to applicable laws.

Q: Is it possible to stop a pending debit card purchase made online? 
A: To stop a purchase made online with your EECU debit card, we recommend contacting the merchant to whom the payment was made and try to cancel the transaction. If this is not possible you may call our Member Service Center to block your card, however it may take up to 10 business days to issue you a replacement card. If the payment to which you are referring is fraudulent, you may submit a letter of dispute to EECU, however this will also result in blocking your debit card. Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and one of our representatives will assist you.

Q: What is a CoOp ATM? 
A: Co-Op is a network of credit unions that agree to let other credit union members use their ATMs without paying a surcharge fee.

Q: I see Purchase Rewards offers, but I don't have a debit card.  How do I take advantage of these offers? 
A: Please ask an EECU representative about getting a debit card associated with that account so you can start taking advantage of your offers!

Q: How do I redeem Purchase Reward offers?
A: To redeem the offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then, shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards.

Q: What types of transactions can I make at a CoOp ATM?
A: You can make withdrawals, transfers, and balance inquiries. If you see the Co-Op Deposit logo you can also make a deposit at the ATM ? free of charge!

Q: Someone I know received a Purchase Rewards offer I want. How can I receive that offer as well? 
A: Each offer received through the rewards program is based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to you. Since everyone?s transaction history is different, there is no specific way to get someone else?s offer other than to have the same transactional history as that Cardholder.

Q: I recently purchased gas and my EECU account shows the gas station taking out a different amount than I purchased. Why are the amounts different?
A: It is common practice with some gas stations to place a hold on debit cards for $1-$100 until the actual debit is completed, depending on the policy of the merchant.  Educational Employees Credit Union is not able to release or dispute pre-authorization holds that merchants place on debit cards. The good news is that pre-authorization holds do not result in a real charge; they are just a temporary.  The amount that is debited from your account is the amount shown on your receipt.  

Q: I made an error in a deposit made at an ATM.  How do I fix it? 
A: Our ATM department carefully audits all ATM transactions. When a difference is found between what was entered electronically and what was deposited, an adjustment is made accordingly. Depending on the type of error, you may be informed about the transaction and correction.

Q: My Purchase Rewards offer expired? can I still redeem it? 
A: No, once an offer has expired there is no way to retrieve it. You can view expiration dates for all your offers on the rewards summary page. 

Q: If I return merchandise used to redeem a Purchase Rewards offer, do I keep my rewards? 
A: Yes, you will keep any rewards earned.

Q: What are the requirements to redeem a Purchase Rewards offer? 
A: To redeem the offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards. 

Q: I forgot to endorse a check when I deposited it through the ATM.  What will happen? 
A: Generally speaking there is no adverse action that will result from the lack of endorsing a check, unless an endorsement is required by the maker of the check. This stipulation usually applies to government-issued checks such as Tax Return checks, checks from mortgage companies, etc. If the check you deposited does not require an endorsement and you are the only payee on the check, your deposit should process without delay.

Q: How do I earn Purchase Rewards? 
A: This rewards program is based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to you. The more you use your EECU debit card, the more chances you have to receive offers.  To earn rewards, click on an offer to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward.

Q: Why didn't I receive my Purchase Rewards when I made my purchase? 
A: Rewards are not received at the point of purchase because no personally identifiable information is passed to the retailers. On average, you will receive rewards for redeemed offers approximately one month after the month the redemptions were made. For example, redemptions made in September will typically be credited to your account at the end of October. Check the rewards summary page on the website to ensure the purchase qualifies as redemption of the offer. 

Q: Is there a list of all CoOp ATMs?
A: Yes. Go to our web site, myEECU.org, and enter your search criteria in the ATM/Branch Locator tool on the home page.  All of the Co-Op ATMs that meet your search criteria will be listed; you can view directions or send the information via e-mail.

Q: I?m traveling and need to find an ATM. Can you help me?
A: If you?re traveling within the United States, the quickest way to find an EECU or CO-OP ATM is through our mobile app or via text message. Just select the Locations option in our mobile app and enter your search criteria. You can also send a text message to MYCOOP with your location (address, city, state), zip code or intersection (with city, state) and we'll text you back with the closest ATM location. We also have a locator tool on our web site, myEECU.org. If you?re traveling outside the United States, visit the Cirrus web site.

Q: When do I receive the rewards for the Purchase Reward offers I redeem?
A: Your rewards will typically be deposited to your account the month after you redeem the offer. Since we do not share your personal information with retailers, we cannot credit your account immediately at the time of purchase. For example, any rewards you redeem in the month of September typically will be credited to your account at the end of October. If you would like to see the offers you have redeemed or the total value of the offers you have redeemed, please visit the rewards summary page. 

Q: What is the difference between using my debit card as a debit transaction or a credit transaction? 
A: At the time of a purchase, whether you opt for "credit" or "debit" the funds will come from the same source, your checking account. The Visa logo on the card allows you to use the card anywhere Visa is accepted. Once a purchase is made, the funds are either debited immediately from the account or they are placed on hold until the merchant completes the transaction. Either way the funds are no longer available in the account. For more information about your EECU debit card, please visit us at www.myEECU.org and click on "e-Services," ATM/Debit Card and read the Electronic Services Disclosure.

Q: Are there fees for using a COOP ATM? 
A: EECU's board of directors approved waiving the network fees for our members who use CO-OP ATMs. So, you won?t pay a surcharge fee at CO-OP ATMs and you also won?t pay any network fees. In fact, you?ll pay no fees at all!

Q: What is the difference between ATM surcharge and network fees? 
A: A surcharge fee is imposed by a financial institution to offset the cost of non-members/customers using their ATMs.  A network fee is charged by the network (Cirrus, Star, etc.) to process your transaction at an ATM that is not owned by your financial institution.

Q: Will blocking my debit card create an issue with checks clearing my account? 
A: Your debit card and checks are separate access tools to your checking account and the numbers of the debit card do not coincide with your checks. If it is necessary to block your debit card, it will have no affect on your checks unless you also inform EECU that your checks have been compromised.

Q: What should I do if I saw a Purchase Rewards offer earlier, but when I went to view it the offer wasn?t there anymore? 
A: The offer either expired or was redeemed. Expired offers can be accessed through a link at the bottom of the Rewards Summary page. The page shows your expired offers in the last 90 days. Redeemed offers (for the current month and previous two months) are displayed in the ?Enjoy? column of the Rewards Summary page.

Q: Is the Purchase Rewards program FREE? 
A: Yes, this program is free!  There is no cost associated with this program, making it easy for Cardholders to earn rewards. This new rewards program is just another benefit of using EECU's debit card.

Q: What is the benefit of the Purchase Rewards offers in my online banking account? 
A: This is a new program EECU is offering to help debit cardholders earn even more rewards. We bring you offers from the types of retailers you shop with every day.

Q: How long do I have to take advantage of a Purchase Rewards offer?
A: Each offer has a time period that is set by the retailer. You must redeem offers before the expiration date, which can be found by clicking on the offer and viewing the details.

Q: How do I opt back in to Purchase Rewards? 
A: If you?ve opted out of the Purchase Rewards program but change your mind at a later time, please contact the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: Can I use another coupon or discount from this retailer when I redeem my Purchase Rewards offers? 
A: Yes, if the amount paid with your EECU debit card meets the requirements of the offer after the coupon or discount is applied.

Q: Is my personal information shared with retailers as part of the Purchase Rewards program? 
A: No. Your personal information is not shared with retailers. In fact, no personal information leaves EECU.

Q: Can I use any of my EECU cards to earn Purchase Rewards? 
A: To earn Purchase Rewards, you will need to use your EECU debit card that is associated with the account that received the offer.

Q: Do I need to use a coupon or code to earn Purchase Rewards? 
A: Typically, you do not need a coupon or code to redeem an offer. Each offer has different specifications regarding when and where you shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code.  Please read the offer details to determine how to redeem each offer.

Q: What should I do if I receive the incorrect amount of Purchase Rewards? 
A: Each offer has different specifics regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. Check the Rewards Summary page on the website to ensure the purchase qualifies as redemption of the offer. 

Q: Do I have to pay taxes on the Purchase Rewards I earn? 
A: No, you do not have to pay any taxes on your rewards. These rewards are similar to other coupons, except they are redeemed more easily by using your debit card. 

Q: If I have more than one account, will I see the same Purchase Rewards offers on both accounts? 
A: Offers are matched on an account level, based on the purchases made with your EECU debit card for that account. If you make different purchases with different accounts, you will see different offers in those accounts. You must use your EECU debit card connected to that account to redeem the offers for that account.

Q: The three-digit security code on the back of my Debit Card has worn off, and I am unable to make online purchases without it. What should I do? 
A: Contact the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU to order a replacement card.

Q: Do I have to shop online to redeem my Purchase Rewards?
A: Each offer has different specifics regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code.

Q: How can I view all of my Purchase Rewards offers and/or how can I tell what offers I am supposed to be credited for?
A: To view all offers that you have redeemed, go to the Rewards Summary page. The page shows all offers you have received, those you have redeemed, and the specifics for each offer including the offer expiration date.

Q: Why is my Apple Pay transaction being denied?
A: If you're paying with Apple Pay and you're using your debit card, choose "Credit" on the payment terminal instead of "Debit." Some older terminals will not process Apple Pay transactions if you choose Debit. 

Q: What is the number to activate my ATM/Debit or Credit Card?
A: To activate your EECU ATM, Debit or Credit Card, call 888-691-8661.


Q: What are your vehicle loan rates?
A: Visit the Rates page of our web site to view a complete list of vehicle loan rates.

Q: Can I apply for a vehicle loan if I haven't decided on a vehicle yet?
A: Yes you can! In fact, it's a very good idea to get pre-approved for your auto loan before you go shopping.  To get pre-approved, call EECU at 1-800-538-3328 or visit our Vehicle Loans page and apply online.

Q: How do I get pre-approved for a loan?
A: You can apply for a loan by phone, online at www.myEECU.org, or at any branch location.  Our Member Service Center is open Monday - Friday 7 a.m. - 7 p.m. and Saturday from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. at 800-538-3328.

Q: How much can I borrow on an auto loan?
A: Based on your credit history, we will finance up to 100% of the purchase price on new vehicles, not to exceed 120% of MSRP (manufacturer's suggested retail price)  including tax, license, Mechanical Breakdown Insurance (MBI) or dealer warranty, Guaranteed Asset Protection waiver (GAP), upgrades (accessories), and applicable EECU fees.  Dealer Purchase - Marked used on the purchase order: 100% of retail Kelley blue book (plus tax, license, MBI or dealer warranty, GAP, and EECU applicable fees). Private Party Purchase:  100% of retail Kelley blue book (plus tax, license, and MBI or dealer warranty, GAP, and EECU applicable fees).

Q: Is there a fee to refinance my current loan?
A: We do not refinance existing EECU loans.  If you have a loan with another lender, we will refinance the loan and extend you our lowest rate based on your credit history and other factors.  There is no fee to refinance loans from other lenders.

Q: How is my loan rate determined?
A: To make loans to as many members as possible, we offer a variety of rates. The actual rate of interest applicable to your loan will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, credit history and qualification for available rate discounts. The rate assigned will be disclosed to you before you become obligated.

Q: What types of loans do you offer?
A: Educational Employees Credit Union offers many types of loans to fit your individual financial needs. To properly assist you and for your convenience you may apply or inquire about these loans at any of our branch locations, online at http://www.myeecu.org/, or by telephone by calling (559)437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and choosing option #3 at the prompt.

Q: How do I pay off my auto loan and obtain the title?
A: To pay off your EECU auto loan, call us at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and request a payoff amount.  You can pay off your loan through Online Access Home Banking, by mailing a check, or by visiting an EECU branch.  Once the loan is paid in full, you will receive your title in approximately two weeks.

Q: Do I have to buy my vehicle from a dealer to finance it with EECU?
A: EECU will finance autos purchased from a private party as well as an auto dealer.

Q: How much will you finance on a new or used vehicle purchase?
A: Financing is available up to 100% of the purchase price on new vehicles, not to exceed 120% of MSRP (manufacturer's suggested retail price)  including tax, license, Mechanical Breakdown Insurance (MBI) or dealer warranty, Guaranteed Asset Protection waiver (GAP), upgrades (accessories), and applicable EECU fees.  Dealer Purchase - Marked used on the purchase order: 100% of retail Kelley blue book (plus tax, license, MBI or dealer warranty, GAP, and EECU applicable fees). Private Party Purchase:  100% of retail Kelley blue book (plus tax, license, and MBI or dealer warranty, GAP, and EECU applicable fees).

Q: How can I calculate my loan payment?
A: Visit the Resource Center on our website and select Financial Calculators. You can calculate your loan payment, how much you can afford to borrow, and more.

Q: Once I pay off my vehicle loan, how long will it take to receive the title?
A: You will receive the vehicle title approximately three weeks from the date you pay off the loan.

Q: How do I check the balance of my EECU auto loan?
A: You can check the balance of your auto loan in several ways:  Online Banking, Personal Telephone Access (PTA), at any EECU branch, or by calling our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: Do you offer leases for vehicles?
A: No.

Q: Do you finance salvaged vehicles?
A: No.  However, you may call us at 1-800-538-3328 and we may be able to assist you with another type of loan. 

Q: Do I need to make an appointment to complete the paperwork for my loan?
A: If this is a private party loan you will need to make an appointment; both the buyer and seller must be present to complete the loan documents. For all other loans no appointment is necessary, however you are encouraged to allow at least 30-45 minutes to complete the loan process.

Q: How many months can I finance my vehicle?
A: Terms are available from 36 to 180 months.

Q: Do you finance out-of-state vehicles?
A: The credit union does not finance vehicles that are not registered with the California State Department of Motor Vehicles. A vehicle brought into California will have to be registered in California through DMV prior to financing.

Q: How do I request a duplicate title?
A: You can go directly to the DMV and complete an Application for Duplicate Title, or you can call the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and we will send you a Lien Satisfied/Title Holder Release form which can be used in place of a duplicate title to release interest in a vehicle.

Q: How can I find out the Kelley Blue Book value of a new or used vehicle?
A: There are several companies that provide this type of information - Kelley Blue Book, Edmunds, and NADA. You may also contact EECU and one of our representatives will assist you. 

Q: What is EECU's routing number?
A: EECU's routing and transit number is 321172594.

Q: How can I find out if I have overdraft protection?
A: Overdraft protection is available from your share savings account by default. If your checking account is overdrawn, money will transfer automatically from your savings account to cover the item, provided there are enough funds in the savings account to do so.EECU also offers another type of overdraft protection, Platinum Overdraft, that may pay an item when there are insufficient funds in your account at the time of the debit instead of returning or denying the transaction. There is a fee for this service, but it may prevent additional and more expensive fees imposed by the merchant to whom payment is owed.  You must qualify for this service.You may also apply for an Overdraft Protection loan. There is no fee for the loan if it is not used, and repayment can be made in monthly installments.

Q: Is there a limit to the number of overdraft transfers from my savings account?
A: Yes. Federal Regulation D limits the number of transfers/withdrawals from your savings account each month when using Personal Telephone Access, Online Access Home Banking, phone/fax, pre-authorized automatic ACH transfers, and overdraft transfers. After the sixth transaction using one of these methods, all other savings account-related transactions will be denied, even if funds are available in the account.  You can make unlimited transfers/withdrawals from your savings account at an ATM, in person at any EECU branch, or by mail.

Q: Can I stop ACH withdrawals from my checking account?
A: You may place a stop payment on an ACH debit from your checking account by visiting any EECU branch office or calling our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: What is Platinum Overdraft?
A: The Platinum Overdraft program may save you the embarrassment and expense of returned items when you have insufficient funds in your account.  There is no application process because this service is automatic for qualifying accounts.  Items include preauthorized debits, point of sale (POS) transactions, online bill pay payments, and share drafts/checks.  Platinum Overdraft means that we may consider paying your items when possible over the amount available in your checking account, in anticipation that you will be making a deposit immediately to bring your account to a positive balance. Please note that EECU offers Platinum Overdraft as a member service and is under no obligation to pay items when your account has non-sufficient funds (NSF), even if previous NSF transactions were paid.  The Credit Union's current NSF fee is charged to your account for each NSF transaction regardless of whether the NSF transaction is paid or not.  Platinum Overdraft is a discretionary member service.  If you would prefer not to have this service applied to your account, please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7000 or 1-800-538-EECU and we will remove you from the program.

Q: When does an ACH deposit post to my account?
A: We make it a practice to have automatic deposits in our members' accounts by 8 a.m. on the day the deposit is scheduled to post to the account.

Q: How do I apply for overdraft protection?
A: For overdrafts from your savings account, complete the Electronic Services Application on our web site or contact the credit union at 1-800-538-3328. To apply for on Overdraft Protection Loan, complete the loan application on our web site.

Q: Is it possible to order my first box of checks online?
A: For first-time check orders we recommend contacting our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.  You can also visit us at one of our branch locations and speak with a representative. Once the initial order has been placed, future orders may be completed online or by telephone.

Q: Is it possible to place a stop payment on a stolen check?
A: To place a stop payment on a stolen check, please visit a branch or contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for immediate assistance. If you have Online Access to your account, you may place a stop payment online at www.myeecu.org. It may also be necessary to change the share draft number on your account as a precautionary measure against unauthorized activity. The share draft number is the 14-digit number located on the bottom of your checks in place of your main account number. Changing the number will only affect your checking account information not the account itself, and will not require you to close the account.

Q: How can I get a copy of a check?
A: You can view copies of cleared checks in Online Access Home Banking.  If the check cleared your account more than a year ago, please visit an EECU branch and request a check copy.  Or, you may contact our Member Service Center at  1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you. Please have your account number, check number, date of the check, and payee information available.  There is a fee for a check copy by branch or phone; please refer to our Schedule of Fees.

Q: How do I close my checking account?
A: We will need your signature in order to close your checking account.  You may write a letter and mail or fax it to us, or visit the nearest branch to close your account.  If you write a letter, please be sure to state that you want to close your checking account, include your account number, and indicate what you would like us to do with the funds. For example, transfer to savings or mail a check to the address on file.  Our fax number is 559-451-0372.

Q: What is an NSF fee?
A: An NSF fee is charged when you have insufficient funds in your account to cover the checks you have written or any automatic payments that are scheduled to be withdrawn from your checking account.

Q: Does a stop payment ever expire?
A: A stop payment on a check expires after one year. The stop payment status may be extended by paying another stop payment fee.  However, most checks dated more than a year old are considered by most payees to be too dated to pay. Although there is the small possibility of the check being paid, it is unlikely.

Q: Can I open a checking account if I have been reported to Chexsystems?
A: In order to be eligible for a checking account and/or an ATM/debit card with EECU a Chexsystems inquiry must be performed.  Depending on the response, you may be eligible to open a regular checking account.  We also offer a Second Chance Checking program for members who have had past inquiries on Chexsystems. 

Q: If my Checking Account was closed by the credit union, how long before I can request another Checking Account?
A: Generally, when your Checking Account has been closed at the request of EECU you must wait at least three (3) years before the Checking Account may be re-opened.  However, you may apply at any time to have the account re-opened and your request will be evaluated.  To do so, you may visit any branch office and complete a Master Account Card.

Q: How do I change the name(s) on my checks?
A: To update information on your checks, please visit any branch office or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.

Q: Does EECU pay dividends on checking accounts?
A: Yes.  Dividends are paid on balances of $500 or more.

Q: How do I make payments or take advances on an Overdraft Protection Loan?
A: You may make self-service payments by phone using Personal Telephone Access or online using the transfer function in Online Access Home Banking. You may also visit a branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.You can take an advance on your Overdraft Protection Loan simply by writing a check or withdrawing funds at the ATM.

Q: How much do you charge for a non-sufficient funds check?
A: View our Schedule of Fees for information about the fees we charge.

Q: Do you offer temporary/emergency checks?
A: Yes.  You may visit one of our branches to request a supply of temporary checks.  There is a fee for temporary checks; please refer to our Schedule of Fees.

Q: How long will it take to receive a check reorder?
A: Your check reorder should be delivered in approximately 7 to 10 working days.

Q: What should I do if I haven't received my order of checks?
A: Please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you in re-ordering a new box of checks.

Q: Does EECU return cancelled checks?
A: We do not return cancelled checks unless a copy of a specific check or checks is requested (please refer to our Schedule of Fees). However, through our Online Access service you are able to view cancelled checks and other detailed transactions on your account for the last 90 days free of charge. For your convenience, you may also view statements for the past two years through our eStatement option in Online Banking. If you are not enrolled in Online Banking and you would like more information, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.

Q: How do I request a copy of an Official Check?
A: In order to provide a copy of a corporate check, we will need to know the check number, the date it was issued, the payee and the dollar amount.   There is a small fee for each corporate check copy requested.

Q: What happens if a check clears prior to the date written on the check?
A: When a check is presented for payment to EECU it is often done so through electronic means. The method of clearing checks electronically does not allow us to monitor each individual check for proper dates. If an item is post-dated (dated in the future) then it should not be negotiated by the payee until the date on the check.  Our Post-Dated Checks policy states: "Post-dated checks may be cashed if presented by the payee before the date unless you have given us notice enough in advance to avoid paying the check until the date on the check. The notice is effective for six (6) months if in writing (14 days if oral) and may be renewed for an additional six (6) month period." This policy is provided at account opening and is available online at www.myeecu.org.

Q: How do I request a copy of a cancelled check?
A: You may view cancelled checks online through Online Access Home Banking; account history for the current and three previous months is available.  Or, you may request a photocopy of a cancelled check by calling our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU, or at any EECU branch.  There is a fee for a check copy requested through the Member Service Center or branch; refer to our Schedule of Fees for more information.

Q: Is there someone who can help me balance my checkbook?
A: If you need assistance balancing your checkbook, call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328, or visit any EECU branch.  We may charge a fee for this service.  Refer to our Schedule of Fees for more information.

Q: Are returned checks put through a second time for payment?
A: The decision to put the check through again for payment will be made by the payee. Depending on their policy the payee may choose to return the check, hold the check and attempt to negotiate it at a later date, or convert the check to an electronic form of payment. We recommend contacting the payee to determine what their policy is or to make alternative payment arrangements if necessary.

Q: Is it possible to have a copy of a check sent to me via e-mail?
A: Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for assistance.  For your convenience, copies of checks for the current and past three months are available through Online Access Home Banking.

Q: How do I apply for an EECU Visa credit card?
A: Complete a Loan Application on our web site to apply for an EECU Visa credit card. Or, contact the credit union at 1-800-538-3328 and apply by phone.

Q: How do I report a lost or stolen Visa credit card?
A: Contact the credit union immediately at 1-800-538-3328 (including after hours) to report a lost or stolen EECU Visa credit card within the United States; outside the U.S. call collect +1-303-967-1096.

Q: What is the rate on your Visa credit card?
A: Visit the Loans & Credit Cards page of our web site for detailed information about Visa credit card rates and benefits.

Q: Can I make a payment on my Visa credit card by transferring funds from my checking or savings account?
A: Yes, you may use Online Access Home Banking to make a payment on your EECU Visa Credit Card by transferring funds from your checking or savings account to your Visa credit card account.

Q: How do I apply for a credit card limit increase?
A: You may apply for a credit card limit increase by completing the loan application on our web site. You may also call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or visit a branch and a representative will assist you. 

Q: Can I transfer money from a non-EECU credit card to my EECU account?
A: Yes. Please visit an EECU branch for assistance. Or, if you have a PIN for that card, you may use an ATM to withdraw cash and make a deposit into your EECU account at one of our ATMs.

Q: How do I transfer a balance to my EECU Visa credit card?
A: To transfer balances to your EECU Visa, please visit any EECU branch office and speak to a representative. A balance transfer will be processed as a Visa cash advance, and a check or electronic payment will be sent to each of the merchants from whom you are transferring a balance.

Q: Do you charge for credit card cash advances and balance transfers?
A: There is a fee for cash advances and balance transfers.  Please visit the Visa Credit Cards Rates page on our website for the current fees.

Q: Do you offer a credit card consolidation loan?
A: We have a variety of loans for credit card consolidation. Our Budget Balancer and E-Z loans are popular options.  In order to determine which loan is best for your individual needs, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: Do you monitor my Visa credit card account activity for fraudulent transactions?
A: We monitor your card activity for purchase patterns that are outside of your "normal" activity. If we detect deviations from your normal activity, you may receive a call from our fraud specialists so they can try to determine if the suspect transaction is yours or not. Should the transaction not belong to you, the account can be immediately blocked to prevent any more deceptive transactions.  We also offer fraud text alerts. We'll text you if a transaction seems suspicious. To enroll your EMV Debit and/or Credit Card in fraud text alerts, visit the ATM/Debit Card or Visa Credit Card pages on our website. If you see a charge on your statement that you did not authorize, be sure to call the credit union at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: Is there an annual fee for your Visa credit card?
A: There is no annual fee for any EECU Visa credit card.

Q: How do I make a credit card cash advance at an ATM?
A: Simply insert your credit card, enter your pin, and select Òwithdrawal.Ó Follow the on-screen prompts to complete your cash advance.

Q: How can I qualify for a lower rate on my credit card?
A: If you already have an EECU Visa credit card and want to lower your rate, you can request a credit qualification for a lower rate. The rate will be based on credit history and other factors. If you qualify for a higher rate than you currently have, you will be allowed to remain at your current rate.  Please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.

Q: What is the payment address for my EECU Visa?
A: You may mail your EECU Visa payment to:Educational Employees Credit UnionP.O. Box 37035Boone, IA  50037-0035

Q: My Visa card is expiring soon.  When will a replacement card be sent? 
A: Your new Visa credit card will automatically be sent to the address we have on file for your account. The reissue of the card will occur in the month in which your current card expires.  

Q: Will my credit card rate increase if I miss a payment?
A: EECU does not have a penalty interest rate, however late payment fees may apply.

Q: Can I use my EECU debit or credit card outside of the United States?
A: Yes, you may use your EECU debit or credit card outside of the U.S.  
To avoid interruption in service, it is a good idea to contact the credit union if you will be traveling outside the U.S. and you plan to use one of your cards. 

Q: Can I receive both paper and electronic Visa statements?
A: Once you enroll in Visa eStatements you will no longer receive a paper statement.

Q: Do you charge credit card late payment fees?
A: Yes. Please visit the Visa Credit Card Rates page of our website for the current fee.

Q: Do you offer Visa Gift Cards?
A: Yes.  For more information about ordering a Visa Gift Card, please visit the Visa Gift Card page on our web site (in the Products menu under the Loans & Credit Cards sub-heading).

Q: Do you offer credit counseling?
A: EECU's member education director and member service specialist are available to meet with  members one-on-one and provide help with budgeting and personal finance.  Additionally, EECU members have free access to services provided through ClearPoint Credit Counseling Solutions.  ClearPoint has certified financial counselors who help develop budgets, work with collection companies, and provide other financial guidance.  ClearPoint's phone number is 800.750.2227.

Q: Do I have to be enrolled in Online Access Home Banking to enroll in Visa eStatements?
A: Yes, for your security your Visa eStatement is only available through our secure home banking system.

Q: Will I continue to receive a paper statement if I sign up for credit card eStatements?
A: Once you enroll in credit card eStatements you will no longer receive a paper statement.

Q: How do I add an authorized user to my credit card account?
A: Call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.

Q: How do I switch from electronic Visa statements back to paper?
A: Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts screen. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and then select Resume Paper Statements. If you have more than one credit card, you will need to complete these steps for each card.

Q: How do I get copies of my Visa statement?
A: You may visit a branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. There is a fee for copies of Visa credit card statements.

Q: If I have more than one credit card, how do I view information for each card?
A: Information for each card is displayed separately in Online Access. Click on each credit card from the main Accounts screen to see detailed information.

Q: Will my Visa eStatement look just like my paper statement?
A: Yes, the electronic Visa statement is identical to the paper statement.

Q: How do I sign up for Visa eStatements?
A: Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts screen. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and enter the requested information. If you have more than one credit card, you will need to complete the enrollment for each card.

Q: How do I make a Visa payment if I have Visa eStatements?
A: The easiest way to make a Visa payment is to use the Transfer function in Online Access Home Banking.  Simply select the suffix you want to transfer money from and select the Visa card as the account to which you are transferring the money.  Enter the dollar amount and click the transfer button to confirm.  Please note that transfers to your Visa account are posted on the transaction date but may take up to two business days to show in your online transaction history.

Q: How do I print my Visa eStatement?
A: Once you open your Visa eStatement you will be able to print the statement by selecting File - Print.

Q: How to I create or change my Visa credit card PIN?
A: You can create or change your credit card PIN by calling 1-888-891-2435. Remember, a PIN is not necessary for credit card purchases; you can use the PIN for cash advances at ATMs (refer to our Visa disclosure for the cash advance fee).You must call from the home or work phone number listed on your account. You'll need the following information:Your card numberLast four digits of SSNThree-digit CVV code on back of cardThe four-digit PIN of your choice

Q: How do I change the e-mail address for my Visa eStatement notifications?
A: Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts menu. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and click the edit link next to your email address.

Q: How do I transfer a credit card balance in Online Access?
A: To transfer a balance from another financial institution credit card to your EECU credit card, simply login to Online Access and select your credit card from the Accounts screen. On the Credit Card screen, select the Account Services menu > Balance Transfer. Enter the requested information to complete the balance transfer.

Q: Who do I call if I have questions about redeeming my Platinum rewards points?
A: If you have questions about redeeming points on the myEECU Rewards website, please call the rewards customer service department at 1-855-843-0466.

Q: Can I save my Visa eStatement?
A: Yes.  The Visa eStatement is a PDF and you can choose Save As and save a copy to a location on your computer.

Q: How will I know when my Visa eStatement is available?
A: You will receive an e-mail when your Visa eStatement is available to view in Online Access.

Q: What is the number to activate my Credit Card?
A: To activate your EECU ATM, Debit or Credit Card, call 888-691-8661.

Q: What are the advantages of being a member of EECU?
A: If you qualify for membership with Educational Employees Credit Union, the benefits are as numerous as the financial products and services we provide. As a member, you will be given the opportunity to vote in the annual election of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee. This means that your opinion will be heard and will contribute to the direction of EECU.We also offer very competitive interest rates on our savings and checking accounts, and on the wide range of consumer loans available. In addition to savings and checking accounts, we also offer Individual Retirement Accounts, Holiday Wise Club accounts, and Share Certificates (known as CDs at banks). We make banking with EECU easy with convenient access to your account through ATM/debit cards, Online Access Home Banking with Online Bill Pay, Personal Telephone Access, convenient branch locations, and a Member Service Center open Monday-Saturday. Payroll and Direct Deposit Services are also available on our accounts.For more information please visit us at www.myEECU.org or contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: When are electronic deposits posted to accounts at EECU?
A: Electronic deposits may be submitted to Educational Employees Credit Union at any time during the day, therefore they may be posted either in the morning or afternoon. The type of deposit and time of the notification will also affect the posting of a transaction. If the deposit is transmitted after a certain time of day, EECU will not receive it until the morning of the next business day.

Q: Is it possible to make "principal only" payments on my loan?
A: Yes. Principal-only payments must be made on the same day that your regular monthly payment is due.  You must satisfy the total amount of the monthly payment; any additional amount paid on the same day will go to principal.If the payment is made through Online Access, the payment is immediate and the chance of interest accruing while the payment is being transferred is eliminated. You may also make principal-only payments by calling our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or by visiting one of our branch locations.

Q: Are the funds in my Share Certificate also included in the insurance provided by the federal government?
A: Yes. Share Certificates at Educational Employees Credit Union are insured, however the insurance coverage on funds in an account is dependant on particular information. Since insurance can vary from account to account we recommend calling our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and speaking with one of our representatives who will be able to answer insurance questions specific to your account.

Q: Can I bring my loose coin to a branch?
A: We have free self-service coin machines at our Barstow, Demaree, Hanford, Merced, Old Town Clovis, Selma, Sunnyside and Valentine branches.The machines are easy to use with touch-screen instructions. Once the coin is processed the machine will print a receipt with the total. The receipt must be presented to a teller the same day it is issued and at the same location it is issued. You may exchange the receipt for the cash value or make a deposit into your EECU account. An EECU account is required to exchange the receipt for cash or deposit.

Q: Will mobile banking work on my mobile phone?
A: Mobile banking will work on any mobile device with Web browsing capabilities and an active data plan through the supported wireless carriers. 

Q: Which mobile service providers support EECU's mobile banking?
A: The service works on all major mobile providers in the U.S., including but not limited to:AlltelAT&TCellular One (Dobson)NextelSprintT-MobileUS CellularVerizon WirelessVirgin Mobile

Q: Is there a fee to use mobile banking?
A: Mobile banking from EECU is FREE, but you are required to subscribe to a data plan through your wireless provider. You should check with your wireless provider if you aren't sure whether additional fees might apply. 

Q: What is mobile banking?
A: With mobile banking, you can login to Online Access and view your account information, make transfers and bill payments, and view EECU rates and locations from any mobile device that has Web browsing capabilities and an active data plan.

Q: Is mobile banking currently available to all users?
A: Mobile banking is available to all users who own mobile devices with Web browsing capabilities and who subscribe to a data plan through their wireless carrier. 

Q: When will my deposit through Mobile Deposit be processed?
A: All mobile deposits are subject to review.  Any deposit received and accepted prior to 3 p.m. PST will be posted by 5 p.m. that day.  Any deposit accepted after 3 p.m. PST will be posted the following business day.

Q: How do I sign up for Mobile Deposit?
A: Login to the EECU Mobile Banking App and tap the Deposit Checks (iPhone) or Deposits (Android) button.  You will be presented with the Mobile Deposit disclosure.  Read and agree to the disclosure and then click Accept.  Your registration request will be processed within one (1) business day and an e-mail will be sent to you once your registration is complete.

Q: In mobile banking, there is a link that says "Remove extra security from this phone."  What does that mean?
A: If you select the link to remove extra security from your phone, you will be prompted to answer your three challenge questions each time you login to mobile banking.  If you don't want to answer your challenge questions every time you login, check the "Remember this phone" box below the login fields and do not remove extra security from your phone.

Q: Can I view my Visa information through mobile banking?
A: You can view your Visa balance, but not your transactions, on a mobile device.  If you want to see your Visa transactions, please login to our full home banking site.

Q: Can I deposit into my savings account with Mobile Deposit?
A: Mobile deposits are deposited into your checking account.  However, once the check has been processed you can transfer the funds to your savings account through the mobile app or Online Access Home Banking.

Q: What should I do with my check after depositing it through Mobile Deposit?
A: Write the date of the deposit on the front of the check and securely store it for 30 days; after 30 days you may then void and shred the check.

Q: What are the eligibility requirements to use Mobile Deposit?
A: In order to use Mobile Deposit, you must meet the following requirements:Primary member age 18+You've been a member for at least 90 daysYou currently have a checking accountYou are a member in good standingYou have a valid e-mail address on file

Q: How will a Mobile Deposit appear in my account history?
A: The funds will be deposited with the description:  EECU APP DEPOSIT.

Q: Why don't I see the Check Deposit button in the EECU Mobile App?
A: The Check Deposit icon is on the home screen of the mobile app after you have logged in.  If you do not see the Check Deposit icon, be sure that you are using the latest version of our app in the App Store or Play Store.

Q: How will I be notified if there is a problem with a Mobile Deposit?
A: You will be notified by e-mail if your deposit is rejected or adjusted.

Q: What should I do if my Mobile Deposit image is cut off or doesn't display properly?
A: Try the following tips:Pick a well-lit spot with light in front of youSmooth out folds on checkPlace check on a dark background

Q: How do I endorse a check I'm depositing through the mobile app?
A: On the back of the check, sign your name and under your signature write "EECU Mobile Deposit Only." Checks without the proper endorsement may be rejected.

Q: Can I see my balance without logging in to the mobile app?
A: With Quick Balance, you can see your balance and last five transactions without logging in to the mobile app. To enable Quick Balance, login and select Settings > Quick Balance > Current Device > toggle Quick Balance feature on. Once enabled, swipe down on the center of the mobile app login screen to see your balance and last five transactions.

Q: How to I log out of the mobile app?
A: If you have an Apple device, click the More icon at the bottom of the screen, then click Sign Out. For Android devices, click the bars at the top of the screen, then click Sign Out.


Q: How do I login to Online Access?
A: You can login to Online Access from our website www.myEECU.org.

Q: What is cross account transfer?
A: Cross account transfer allows you to transfer funds from your primary account to other linked EECU accounts.

Q:Is it possible to transfer money from my account at EECU to another financial institution using the cross account transfer feature?
A: The Cross Account Transfer feature through Online Access is for making internal transfers from one EECU account to another EECU account. If you would like to transfer funds from your EECU account to an account at another financial institution account, you may do so through Online Bill Pay.  Simply enter your financial institution in the Pay Someone New field and provide the information requested. Once the information is entered, you should be able to set up the bill payment/transfer. Please call our Member Service at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU if you have questions or need assistance with Bill Pay transactions.

Q: Can I transfer funds online from my primary account to another EECU account?
A: Cross Account Transfer allows you to transfer funds to other linked accounts.  In order to use the Cross-Account transfer feature, the primary member of the account from which funds will be transferred must complete the Electronic Services Application, which is available on our web site.

Q: What is Online Access?
A: Online Access is our Internet home banking service. It offers you access to your accounts right from your computer 24-hours-a-day, seven days a week. With Online Access you can view your account activity, transfer money, pay bills, and more. Visit the Online Access Home Banking page of our site to learn more about this convenient, free, time-saving service.  Be sure to view the Online Access Demo located on the login screen.

Q: Does EECU offer mobile banking?
A: Yes, we offer mobile banking for iPhone, Android and Kindle devices. Visit the App Store or Google Play to download the EECU app (look for the app with the owl icon).

Q: How are my bills paid through Online Bill Pay?
A: Online bill payments are made by check or electronic funds transfer.  To schedule a payment, you simply enter the Deliver by Date and on that date the money is deducted from your account and received by the payee.  If the payment is made by check, the payment should be received by the Deliver by Date and the money is deducted from your account when the check is cashed by the payee.

Q: How do I initiate a cross-account transfer?
A: If you are set up for cross-account transfer, you may transfer funds to the account in person at a branch, through our Member Service Center, via Personal Telephone Access, or Online Access Home Banking.

Q: What is my Online Access Username?
A: If this is your first time logging into Online Access, your Username is your credit union account number. If you have already logged into Online Access, your Username is the custom name you created at first login.If you don't know your Username or password, click the "I Can't Access My Account" link on the login screen.

Q: Can I switch from electronic to paper statements?
A: If you would like to receive paper statements, you may complete the paper statement opt-in form on our web site, or you may contact our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: Can I change a bill payee address?
A: To change a payee address, go to the Bill Pay screen and click the blue Options link below the payee name. Click Account Information, then update the information and save your changes. Please allow one business day for the changes to take effect before scheduling a new payment.If the address cannot be edited or reads "on file," it means that our bill pay vendor has a payment relationship with that payee and receives payment delivery instructions directly from the payee. If you would still like to change the payee address, please delete the payee and add it again manually. Please note that payments to this payee may change from electronic to check.

Q: Can I use the Quicken software I already have?
A: Yes.  EECU's Online Access supports newer versions of the Quicken software.

Q: Can I change my Online Access password?
A: Yes.  Simply login to Online Access, click on My Settings, enter your new password in the Update Password field, and save your changes.

Q: Will I be able to see pending transactions in Online Access?
A: Online Access will display your balance, available balance, and pending transactions.  Your available balance is your account balance, less any transactions that are still pending but have not yet cleared your account. If you would like more information about pending transactions that have not yet cleared your account, you may contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: How is cross account information displayed in Online Access?
A: When you are logged into Online Access Home Banking, the accounts you have set up for cross account transfer will display in the drop-down list on the Transfer screen.

Q: Can I transfer money from a linked account into my account?
A: No. If your account is setup for cross-account transfer, you will only be able to transfer money to the other account; you will not be able to transfer money from the other account into your account. The primary member on the linked account would need to establish cross-account transfer to your account in order for you both to move money between the accounts.

Q: How does Bill Pay work?
A: Online Bill Pay is quick and easy! First you set up your personal list of Payees (people or companies that you wish to pay). Then you schedule your payments to those Payees. You may choose to set up your payments as either one-time or recurring. You select the "Deliver by Date," which you can also think of as the bill due date.  On the Deliver by Date, the funds are deducted from your account and the Payee also receives the payment.  If payment is made by check, the money is deducted from your account when the payee cashes the check. Electronic payments are sent within two business days; check payments are sent within four business days.

Q: What should I do if I can't access my online account?
A: If you are using a desktop or laptop, click the I can't access my account link next to the login fields and follow the on-screen prompts. If you are using our mobile app, select More from the app login screen and then select Recover Credentials. If you have any questions, please call us at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: The Online disclosure states by clicking accept and signing into Online Access, I agree to receive electronic statements.  What if I want to continue to receive paper statements?
A: As part of the Online Access product, members receive free electronic statements.  They are convenient and easy to use.  Your electronic statement is identical to your paper statement, and you can view, save and print a copy for your records.  If you want to continue to receive paper statements, you may do by visiting www.myeecu.org and completing the Paper Statement Opt-In form.

Q: How do I log out of Online Access Home Banking?
A: Click the Logout link in the upper right corner of the screen.

Q: How do I set up a new payee in Bill Pay?
A: Login to Online Access and select the Bill Pay tab.  Enter the payee name in the Need to Pay Someone New field on the My Bills & People I Pay screen; select the payee name from the drop-down list and click Add.  Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the payee setup.  Enter the dollar amount of the payment and select the date that you want the payment to be received.  Click Pay.If the payee is not in the master list you may enter the information manually.  Enter the payee name in the Need to Pay Someone New field and click Add.  Enter the information for the payee (address, account number, etc.) and follow the on-screen instructions to complete the payee set-up.  We recommend that you enter the payee information directly from a recent account statement.

Q: Why does Online Access always prompt me to complete the enhanced login security?
A: It may be because your Internet browser is removing the cookie information that was stored in previous home banking sessions. If you marked your computer as "public" when you completed the Online Access Enhanced Login Security setup, the cookie is not stored. Most browsers have an option to remove web site cookies each time the browser is closed.  If you would like to disable the automatic removal of cookies so that you are not presented with the enhanced login security each time you login to our home banking, please visit the Help menu for your browser.Once you have changed your settings, you may need to close the browser and re-open it before logging into Online Access.  You will then need to register your computer as "private" to skip the enhanced login security each time you login.

Q: What is Online Bill Pay?
A: Online Bill Pay is our Internet bill payment service, which is available through Online Access. You can also pay bills through our mobile app. Once you're enrolled in our free Bill Pay service, you can set up e-Bills (if available for the payee), schedule one-time or recurring payments, and more.  Visit the Bill Pay page of our web site for more information. Be sure to view the Online Access demo on the login screen for more information about Online Bill Pay.

Q: Can I change my Online Access security information?
A: Yes.  Simply login to Online Access, click on My Settings, and update your settings. 

Q: Who can I pay through Bill Pay?
A: Any individual or company you choose within the fifty states and territories who can accept a check, with the exception of tax payments (such as federal, state and local), court-directed payments (such as alimony and child support) and any other government-related payments.You can pay, for example, your utilities, mortgage, rent, paper carrier, babysitter, etc.

Q: I am receiving the message, "Your User ID or Password is incorrect, please try again."  What should I do?
A: Try to login again.  Ensure that your caps lock button is not on and re-enter your User ID and Password.  You may also use the Forgot Password or Forgot Username feature to regain access to your account. If you are still having trouble, call the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for assistance.

Q: How do I change a Bill Pay payment I've scheduled?
A: Login to Online Access and select the Bill Payment tab in the main menu bar.  On the My Bills & People I Pay screen, pending payments are displayed in the Scheduled Payments section to the right of your payee list.  You may edit any payments that are still in "pending" status.  Simply select the pencil icon next to the payment amount, make your changes, and click Save Changes.Note: Any payments in the In-Process section are no longer editable and also cannot be stopped if the payment type is "electronic." Please contact your payee directly regarding a refund of payment.

Q: What mobile service providers are supported?
A: Mobile banking works on all major mobile providers in the U.S., including but not limited to:AlltelAT&TCellular One (Dobson)NextelSprintT-MobileUS CellularVerizon WirelessVirgin Mobile

Q: Can I stop a payment scheduled through Online Bill Pay?
A: For payments made by check, you may place a stop payment through Online Access by selecting the Additional Services menu tab and the Stop Payment link. A stop payment fee will apply.If the payment is still listed in Scheduled Payments you may simply cancel it by selecting the red X next to the payee name.For payments issued by check, you may only place a stop payment if the payment has not yet cleared your account.For electronic payments, if the payment has already processed, you will need to contact the payee and inquire about a refund.

Q: Will the eStatement replace my paper statement?
A: Yes. Once enrolled in Online Access you will no longer receive a paper statement.

Q: Can anyone else access my online account information?
A: No. Your online account information is available only through access methods that have been rigorously tested for their secure access. The information is not public. Only you can access it using your User ID and Password.  You are further protected by an Enhanced Login Security process that you set up the first time you login to Online Access.    Unless you share your password, no one else can access your account information online. Security Tips;These tips can help ensure the privacy of your account informationTreat your Online Access password as you treat your ATM PIN.Do not reveal your password to anyone.Do not write down your Online Access password or leave it in the view of other users of your computer.If you notice any unusual account activity, change your password immediately and notify the Member Service Center by calling 1-800-538-3328.Keep all documents that include your account information in a secure location, including ATM cards, monthly account statements and your Online Access password.

Q: I am not an Internet expert. How easy is it to use Online Access?
A: Online Access is very easy to use.  To see an overview of how home banking works, just click the Demo link on the login screen. 

Q: I received a bill payment email from an unknown address.  Is it EECU?
A: If you receive an email from pm.escalation@fisglobal.com, it is because your bill payment has been returned.  The email will include the payee name and why it was returned.  You will need to contact your payee to inquire about the payment.

Q: How do I delete an online Bill Pay payee?
A: To delete a payee, login to our full online banking site and click the blue Options link below the payee name and select "Delete it." Note:  deleting a payee will also cancel any pending payments and any filed E-bills for the payee. However, your payment history (up to two years) for this payee should be retained.

Q: How do I view my eStatement?
A: Log into Online Access Home Banking and click on the eStatement tab in the main menu bar.

Q: How much does Bill Pay cost?
A: There is no fee for the Bill Pay service.

Q: Can I login to my account for the first time using the mobile app?
A: No, you must login to your account for the first time from a desktop/laptop computer.  Once you have logged in the first time and set up your new User ID, password, and login security information, you can then login using the mobile app.

Q: How do I deactivate an online Bill Pay payee?
A: You can delete or hide an active payee through the full online banking site. To delete a payee, click the blue Options link below the payee name. From this screen you can choose to delete or hide the payee. Hiding a payee simply removes it from displaying in your payee list to make your list of payees more manageable. When you hide a payee, all of your payment history is retained; scheduled payments, including recurring payments, will continue to process.

Q: Will I incur any fees for downloading to Quicken?
A: No. EECU does not charge any fees; however, if you use the service of other banks or brokerage firms, you could be subject to charges from them for services.

Q: Once I enroll in Bill Pay, how soon can I start to make payments?
A: After enrolling in the Bill Payment service you will receive an Approval e-mail.  Once your account has been enabled, you will receive a Welcome e-mail indicating that you may begin using Bill Pay. 

Q: Does EECU's Online Access support Quicken for Mac?
A: Yes.

Q: Can any account owner or authorized user authorize the cross-account transfer application?
A: Yes.  EECU will verifiy that the person requesting the service is a joint member or joint owner of the member on the account.  Once verification is obtained, the request will be completed.

Q: Can I change the timeout setting for Online Access?
A: No.  Online Access will automatically log you out of your account after 10 minutes of inactivity.

Q: How do I make a Visa payment online?
A: You can use the Transfer function in Online Access Home Banking to make a payment on your EECU Visa account.Note:  Visa payments are posted on the transfer date but may not show in your Visa Transaction History for two business days.   

Q: How many days before my payment due date should I schedule a bill payment?
A: It takes two days to process electronic payments and four days to process check payments.For electronic payments, you must enter the payment information into Bill Pay two days prior to the date you want the payee to receive the payment(Deliver by Date), no later than 9:30 p.m. CST.   For check payments, you must enter the payment information four days prior to the date you want the payee to receive the payment (Deliver by Date), no later than 9:30 p.m. CST.For example, if the payee receives electronic payment,  and you want the payee to receive payment on September 22, you need to login to your account no later than September 20 at 9:30 p.m. CST and enter the payment information with September 22 as the Deliver by Date.

Q: Do I have to enroll in Online Access Home Banking to enroll in eStatements?
A: Everyone who logs in to Online Access will be enrolled in eStatements instead of paper statements once they agree to the online disclosure at first login. To apply for Online Access, complete the Online Access Home Banking application on our web site.

Q: I am receiving the message "The maximum number of Reg D transactions has been reachedÓ in Online Access. What does this mean?
A: Federal Regulation D restricts the number of transfers you make from a savings accounts. You are allowed up to six electronic transfers from each savings or sub-share savings account per month. Transactions made in person or by ATM are not counted. Transfers to loans are also not counted. If you make regular transfers from your savings account(s), you might consider transferring larger dollar amounts to reduce the number of transfers per month. Your checking account (share 8) is not restricted by Reg D. 

Q: How do I enroll in eStatements?
A: Online Access users will be enrolled in eStatements once they agree to the disclosure at first login.

Q: What if there aren't enough funds available in my account to process my scheduled Bill Pay payment?
A: If the funds are not available in your checking account, but you have funds available through overdraft protection or EECU's Platinum Overdraft service, the payment will be processed using these funds (there is a fee for using the Platinum Overdraft service).If there are not enough funds available and it is an electronic payment, it will still be processed by our bill pay vendor and you will be assessed a non-sufficient funds fee.  You will be notified by e-mail that your Bill Payment profile has been temporarily restricted, and a message will appear on the Bill Payment screen within Online Access.Our Bill Payment vendor will make three (3) attempts to recover the amount of the payment from your account.  If you have questions, please contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-3328, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account.If the bill payment was sent by check and the funds are not available in your account to cover the item, you will be assessed a non-sufficient funds fee and you may need to reschedule your payment at a later date.

Q: When is Online Access available?
A: Online Access is generally available 24-hours a day, 7-days a week. This service may be interrupted occasionally for data processing or routine maintenance.

Q: Can I access my EECU Visa account online?
A: Yes. Your Visa account balance is shown on the Accounts screen in Online Access Home Banking. Click on your credit card for more detailed information about your balance, credit limit, payment due date, electronic statements, fraud text alerts and transaction alerts, balance transfers, and more.

Q: How is my loan history downloaded to Quicken?
A: Credit Union loans will not appear in statement downloads. You will need to manually enter this information into the register every month in order to reconcile your accounts.

Q: How do I set up a recurring/automatic online bill payment?
A: To set up a recurring online bill payment, click the blue Options link below the payee name. Select Automatic Payment and enter the amount, frequency, start on date, and number of instances. If you have e-Bills set up for your payee, you can choose to set your automatic payment in accordance with your e-Bill. Save your changes. On the My Bills & People I Pay screen you will now see a recurring payment indicator and the number of days until the next payment is made.If you have bills setup on AutoPay, we recommend that you login to your account at the beginning of each month to verify that your bill payments are scheduled correctly. Please note that any automatic payments that are scheduled with a deliver by date that is a holiday or non-business day will deliver by the previous business day.

Q: When are funds deducted from my checking account when using Bill Pay?
A: For electronic payments, funds will be deducted from your checking account on the Deliver by Date you entered for the payee. If the payment is sent by check, funds are withdrawn from your account when the payee cashes the bill pay check.

Q: When do online transactions post to my account?
A: Online Access transactions usually post to your account immediately. Occasionally, a transaction you request does not immediately show in your history. If this happens, please compare your "account balance" with your "available balance." The difference should be the amount of your transaction. In this case, your transaction is being stored and will be posted as soon as the system is available to update your account.

Q: Who should I call if I have questions about my statement?
A: Call our Member Service Center, Monday Ð Friday 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.

Q: Can I print my account history from Online Access?
A: Yes.  Select the Print link within the Account Transaction History window for a printer-friendly version of your transaction history.

Q: How do I stop a recurring debit card withdrawal?
A: The easiest way to stop the recurring debits is to ask the company to stop withdrawing funds from your account. If they are unwilling to comply with your request then you may call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and ask one of our representatives to block your card. A new debit card will be ordered for you.

Q: What is Login Security?
A: When you enroll in Online Access, you will select additional ways we can confirm your identity if you sign on to Online Access from an unregistered computer.  When you complete the Security Settings, you will select if you want the computer to be public or private.  If you select private, Online Access will remember the computer and will bypass the login security.  If you login from a different computer that you haven't registered, we will take additional steps to verify your identity by phone or e-mail.  
This is an additional layer of security to protect your account from unauthorized access. If there are others who access your online account (i.e. spouse, parent), be sure they know your Security options.

Q: Do I need to load software to use Online Access?
A: No special software is required.  Online Access is compatible with certain versions of Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome and Safari (for Macintosh).  Use the Browser Compatibility Test in the Resources menu on our website to see if your browser is compatible.

Q: What are the Online Access password requirements?
A: Your password must meet the current password security requirements:between 6 and 32 characterscontain a combination of:letters and numbers, orletters and any special characters, ornumbers and any special charactersMust NOT contain any spaces (including before, in the middle of, or after the password).  Cannot be a substring of the user ID.

Q: Can I view my debit card transactions online?
A: Yes.  You may view your debit card transactions, and other transactions, using our free Online Access Home Banking service.

Q: Can I transfer money between my suffixes using Bill Pay?
A: To transfer funds between your suffixes (i.e. between savings and checking) you may want to consider using the transfer feature in Online Access as opposed to using Bill Pay. Transfers through Online Access are immediate and do not require setting up your EECU accounts as designated payees. It also gives you the flexibility of making one-time transfers or setting up automatic recurring transfers. Transfers scheduled for future dates can also be verified or changed at any time. If you have any questions about transfers through Online Access please call 1-800-538-3328, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account, and a representative will assist you.

Q: How do I know if I'm approved for online banking?
A: If you have applied for Online Access through our website, or by mail, you should receive an e-mail from EECU regarding the status of your application.  If you applied at a branch office, you selected your PIN/password at new account opening.  You may also call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU to inquire if you have been setup for Online Access.

Q: Can I use Mint with Online Access?
A: Yes, Online Access is compatible with Mint.  To set up your Mint account, you will need to find EECU in the list of participating financial institutions on the Mint site.  To find EECU, enter our name as myeecu.org.  Select our name from the options shown, and then enter your Online Access User ID and Password.  You may be prompted with enhanced login security; follow the on-screen instructions.

Q: How long will it take for a merchant to receive my Bill Pay payment?
A: The merchant should receive payment on the Deliver by Date you entered when you set up the payment.  For some payments sent by check, it is possible for local merchants to receive the check before the date you selected.  We recommend that you have sufficient funds in your account to cover the check before and after the Deliver by Date you selected.

Q: How do I change my e-mail address?
A: You may change your email address in Online Access Home Banking by selecting My Profile (top right), then User Options.  Enter your new e-mail address and click Change E-Mail Address.You may also call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: How do I enroll in Bill Pay?
A: Login to Online Access, click on Bill Payment from the main menu bar, click on Sign up for Bill Payment, complete the registration form and click Continue, read the Bill Pay Service Disclosure and click Accept, and then begin setting up Payees.If you require additional assistance, you may contact the Member Service Center Monday - Friday 7 a.m. -7 p.m., and Saturday 9 a.m.-1 p.m. at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account.

Q: Is my account information secure when using Online Access?
A: Yes. Ensuring the privacy and security of your account and personal information is a top priority. Layers of security include Enhanced Login Security, automatic sign-off, encryption, firewalls and password lockout.

Q: What is an eStatement?
A: An eStatement is an electronic image of your paper statement. It is identical to your paper statement, but is viewed online through Online Access Home Banking.

Q: What should I do if I forget my Online Access username?
A: Click the Forgot Username link. Enter your e-mail address and click Continue (the e-mail address must match what is on file in Online Access). You will receive an e-mail with the username for your account. Note: If you have the same e-mail address on multiple accounts and you use the Forgot Username feature, you will get an e-mail for each account associated with that e-mail address.If you are unable to access your account, please contact us at 800-538-3328.

Q: What are the required browser settings to use Online Access?
A: To use Online Access, JavaScript and cookies must be enabled, and your display size should be set to 1024 x 768.  We also recommend that you keep your browser and operating system updated to maintain the most current security upgrades.

Q:What is the difference between an online bill payment paid by "Check" and one paid "Electronic?"
A: A "Check" payment is a paper check sent though the U.S. mail system. An "Electronic" payment is sent out electronically, however, some payees are not able to accept this type of payment. The Bill Pay processor and the merchant determine the method of payment.From the My Bills & People I Pay screen, click inside the amount field next to the payee name.  If the payment can be made in 2 business days it is electronic/ACH; if it takes 4 business days the payment is made by check. 

Q: Will the eStatement look like my paper statement?
A: Yes. Your eStatement will look like your paper statement.

Q: Are there fees for using Online Access?
A: There are no fees for using Online Access, Online Bill Pay, or Online VISA statement services. However, specific requests that you may complete using the services do involve fees. For example, there is a fee for placing a stop payment on a check. Refer to our Schedule of Fees for a complete list of fees.

Q: How do I check the status of a bill payment?
A: Login to Online Access and select the Bill Pay tab from the main menu bar. You can view payment status in the My Payment section by viewing your Scheduled Payments and Recently Processed Payments.  To view recent payment history, select the "View payment history" link in the My Payments section.

Q: What happens if someone steals my Online Access password? How will my Enhanced Login Security settings keep them from accessing my account?
A: When someone tries to login to your online account using your stolen user name and password, we will recognize that they are logging in from a different computer and we will attempt to verify the user's identity with the information you have set up in your Security Settings. You may have selected one or more ways we can verify your identity to make your accounts secure. 

Q: Do I need special software to view my eStatement?
A: You will need the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view your eStatement in PDF.  You can download the free reader at www.get.adobe.com/reader.

Q: What browsers are certified with Online Access?
A: Microsoft Internet Explorer 8, Microsoft Internet Explorer 9, Mozilla Firefox (latest version), Google Chrome (latest version), Apple Safari

Q: What should I do if I don't receive the e-mail with my username when I select the Forgot Username link?
A: It's possible that the e-mail went into your "junk" or "spam" folder.  You may want to add onlineaccess@myeecu.org to your contact list to ensure that you receive our e-mails.  Be sure to enter the e-mail address that is saved in Online Access. The e-mail address you enter must match what we have on file in Online Access.

Q: How many months of online Visa statements can I view?
A: You can view your current Visa eStatement and the past 23 Visa eStatements. 

Q: How do I cancel the Bill Pay service if I no longer want it?
A: Call our Member Service Center, Monday Ð Friday 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 1-800-538-3328. A representative will assist you with your request.

Q: Why am I getting the message "You are not connected to FinanceWorks at this time" when I click the FinanceWorks link?
A: You will need to accept third-party cookies in order to view FinanceWorks in Online Access.  For information on accepting third-party cookies, please review your internet browser's help guide.If you do not want to accept third-party cookies, you may modify your browser settings and add www.financeworks.intuit.com as a trusted site and then login to your account and verify that you are able to access FinanceWorks.

Q: Why am I getting an error that says: "This login session is not allowed as you already have an existing Internet Banking session on this computer"
A: If you are already logged into an account and you want to login to a different account, you will need to open another browser window before you can log into another account.  The system will not allow you to login to different accounts in the same browser session.

Q: Why is my e-mail address required to use the Bill Payment service?
A: Notifications of bill payment activity - like payment scheduled, payment sent, payment returned by a payee, payee added, payee deleted, and E-bill received - are sent via email.  You are able to track your bill payment activity through these email notifications.

Q: Is Online Access compatible in Internet Explorer 9?
A: Yes, Internet Explorer 9 is a supported browser.

Q: Can I use Online Bill Pay if I live outside the United States?
A: You may pay bills from outside the U.S. if you are using a compatible browser.  Payments may only be made to payees within the U.S. and its territories

Q: I'm not receiving a passcode by phone/text.  What do I need to do?
A: The call will come from 800-538-3328.  Text messages are sent from short code 44833. You can login to Online Access and enter a different phone number in My Profile Ð Security. Or, you may call us for assistance at 800-538-3328.

Q: Can I access my online account from any computer?
A: Yes. If you login from a computer that you have not registered with a "Private" setting, you will need to verify your identity by text message, phone call, or email. This helps protect you by keeping unauthorized people from accessing your valuable information. There is no limit to how many different computers you can use to login to your online account. 

Q: I am receiving a message in Online Access that says, "Internal Error."  What does that mean?
A: There is a connection issue.  Please call the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for assistance.

Q: How many months of eStatements are available online?
A: Statements will be archived for two years in Online Access. 

Q: Is it safe to view my eStatement online?
A: Yes. You are viewing your eStatement through our secure Online Access Home Banking site. Your account is further protected from unauthorized use by a User ID and password, and enhanced login security features.

Q: How do I view bill payment history by payee?
A: From the My Bills & People I Pay screen, click the name of the payee, then click the View History link.

Q: Why am I getting the message "Session has expired. Please login and try again" when I try to access eStatements?
A: You will need to accept third-party cookies in order to view eStatements in Online Access.  For information on accepting third-party cookies, please review your internet browser's help guide.If you do not want to accept third-party cookies, you may modify your browser settings and add www.flex-e-bill.com as a trusted site and then login to your account and verify that you are now able to access eStatements.

Q: When clicking on a link within Online Access, a message is displayed stating that the Pop-up is blocked and nothing happens.  What is wrong?
A: Some services within Online Access open in a separate pop-up window.  These pop-up windows may be blocked because of the settings in your internet browser, browser toolbar, or internet security tools.  
You will need to adjust your browser settings to allow for pop-ups from within Online Access.

Q: Can I request to change the payment due date on my Visa Card?
A: Yes.  Please call our Member Service Center at  1-800-538-3328 for assistance.

Q: I'm searching for a check online but the system cannot locate it.  What should I do?
A: Images of cancelled checks are available through Online Access for 90 days from the date they were negotiated. For assistance with obtaining a copy of a check, please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you. 

Q: Why am I receiving an "invalid payee nickname" message in Bill Pay?
A: Payee nicknames do not allow certain special characters.  Below is a list of the acceptable letters, numbers, and special characters.^[ ],.*&'-:#%+$ 0-9 A-Z a-z

Q: I made an online bill payment but the payee hasn't received it.  What should I do?
A: Login to your account and confirm that all the payee information is complete and accurate.  Please contact the payee by phone to confirm if the payment has been received.  If payment has not been received, please contact the Member Service Center at 437-7700 or 1-800-538-3328, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account, and a representative will assist you.  To expedite the call, please locate your most recent account statement for the payee.We will open a service request for the payment and it will be investigated by our bill payment vendor and the payee.  We will notify you when we receive the results of the research investigation.

Q: What is a Payee?
A: Payee is an Online Bill Pay term that refers to any person or company to whom you send an online payment. It is also known as a vendor or merchant.

Q: How do I keep credit union e-mails out of my ÒspamÓ or ÒjunkÓ e-mail folder?
A: Make sure you set up the credit union's address [onlineaccess@myeecu.org] as one of your ÒcontactsÓ or ÒfavoritesÓ so that the e-mail will not be flagged as ÒspamÓ or Òjunk.Ó

Q: How do I request a copy of an online bill payment?
A: If the bill payment was made by check and it cleared your account in the past 90 days, you may view an image of the check in Online Access; select the Print Image link to print a copy of the check. You may also view check images through our mobile app.If the bill payment was made electronically, please contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-3328, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account, and a representative will assist you.  We can open a service request for you and possibly retrieve a copy of the electronic item or provide proof of payment to the payee on your behalf.  A representative may also assist you with a copy of a bill payment made by check that cleared your account more than 90 days ago.

Q: Why am I being redirected to the Deposit Accounts page when I click the Bill Payment menu?
A: To view Bill Pay information in Online Access you need to accept third-party cookies.  For information on accepting third-party cookies, please review your internet browser's help guide.If you do not want to accept third-party cookies, you may modify your browser settings and add www.digital.presentment.com as a trusted site and then login to your account and verify that you are now able to access the Bill Payment screens.

Q: Is the temporary password sent by phone call entered with all lowercase letters?
A: Yes, a password sent by voice call should be entered in lowercase.

Q: What is an e-bill?
A: An e-bill is an electronic version of your bill.  Once you sign up, you will receive e-bills directly within Online Access Home Banking, on the Bill Payment screen. You can view and pay the bill immediately, file the bill for record keeping, or even set up a recurring payment based on the bill.It's easy to sign up for e-bills.  Just login to your account and select the Bill Payment tab.  Click the blue "Get e-bill" link to the left of your payee name and follow the online instructions.  You should begin receiving your bill online within 1-2 billing cycles.

Q: Is there a fee for eStatements?
A: No. This is another great benefit of EECU membership.

Q: Is there a maximum or a minimum amount I can pay through Bill Pay?
A: The minimum is $.01; the maximum is $9,999.99 per transaction and a daily limit of $19,999.99.

Q: Why are some of my suffixes and loans not shown on the Accounts screen?
A: Login to your account and select My Profile.  Select Account Nicknames and confirm that the checkbox in the Enable column is checked for each of your suffixes and loans.  If the box is not checked, the suffix/loan will not be shown on the Accounts screen.

Q: Can I nickname my accounts in FinanceWorks?
A: Yes, you can change the name of your suffixes in FinanceWorks through the Accounts link at the top of the screen. 

Q: How do I cancel an e-mail alert notification?
A: Login to Online Access and select the Additional Services menu, Text & E-mail Alerts.  You can manage your e-mail subscriptions from this screen.

Q: When will my eStatement be ready each month?
A: eStatements will generally be available within the first three days of the month.

Q: What should I do if I entered an incorrect amount for a bill payment?
A: If the payment is in the Pending status under Scheduled Payments, you may modify the amount by clicking the pencil icon next to the payment amount.  If the payment is in the In-Process Payments status, you will be unable to make any changes.To request a copy of an electronic payment due to a discrepancy, fraud or if the payee is claiming they did not receive the payment, we can open an inquiry for you and possibly retrieve a copy of the item or provide a proof of payment to the payee for you. We recommend calling our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-3328, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account, and one of our representatives will assist you.

Q: What should I do if I accidentally made a duplicate payment through Bill Pay?
A: If the payment was sent by check through Bill Pay and the check has not yet cleared, you may place a stop payment on the check through Online Access (Additional Services menu) or by calling our Member Service Center.  A stop payment fee will apply.  If the check has already cleared, you may contact the payee directly to request a refund of the payment.If the payment was sent electronically through Bill Pay, you may contact the payee directly to request a refund of the payment.  Most payees will issue a refund and mail a check directly to you.  If the payee requires proof of payment to process the refund, you may contact EECU for assistance.  We will open a service request on your behalf and provide the payee with proof of payment.

Q: What types of e-mails can I sign up to receive?
A: Account balance information, checks that have cleared your account, deposits/withdrawals made to your account, loan payment due/overdue, certificate maturity date, periodic balance, and personal message.

Q: What does the message "you cannot make a payment until you have an approved funding account" mean when I try to use online bill pay?
A: It may mean that you do not have sufficient funds in your checking account to cover an electronic payment that you scheduled.  Please contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 800-538-3328 for assistance, or use the Chat feature when you are logged into your online account.

Q: I share my computer with someone who has their own online account.  Can both of us login from this computer?
A: Yes. You can both use the same computer to login to your individual online accounts. There is no limit to how many people can login from the same computer.

Q: What happens if I change my e-mail address and I don't notify you?
A: You will not receive eStatement notifications and any E Alerts/notifications you have set up in Online Access.You will not be able to use the Forgot Username feature to regain access to your account.You will not receive important disclosures and information about your account.To update your e-mail address, login to Online Access and click My Profile. Click the Update link next to your e-mail address; enter a new e-mail address and click Update.

Q: How do I receive a passcode via text message instead of a phone call?
A: In Online Access, select My Profile, then click the Update link next to the phone number(s). Select the box to enable the phone for text messages.

Q: I am receiving an online message about a Java-related error.  What does this mean?
A: Verify that Java is enabled in your browser. It may be necessary for you to upgrade your browser.

Q: Why am I required to enter a date to search for a check?
A: The system requires either a date, or a date range, in order to search for a check.  If you don't know the exact date, enter a date range.

Q: How will I know when my eStatement is posted online?
A: We will send you an e-mail when your eStatement is available. The e-mail will be sent to the address you have provided.

Q: Why is there an Action Needed link next to my payee's name?  Does this have to do with my e-Bill?
A: Most likely it means that EECU was unable to retrieve your latest bill from your payee and present it to you through Bill Pay.  When this occurs, you will receive an email that explains the reasons why the bill was not presented.  Please review the e-mail for important information.We recommend that you verify that the payee account number displayed in Bill Pay matches the account number at the payee's web site.  You should have an electronic version of your bill available through your payee's web site. If you have attempted to complete the steps outlined in the Action Needed link and are unsuccessful, you may contact EECU for assistance.  We will open a service request on your behalf to try and resolve the issue.

Q: Can eStatement notification be made to more than one e-mail address?
A: eStatement notifications are only sent to the e-mail address on record. 

Q: What is a Trojan or Key Logger?
A: They are programs installed on a computer in order to harvest user IDs and passwords. The programs collect this information and secretly transmit it to another computer, and someone can then attempt to login to your account. The programs are called Trojans (short for Trojan Horse) or Key Loggers (for logging your keystrokes).

Q: What is Phishing?
A: Phishing is when someone tries to trick people into revealing their personal information, such as passwords, by creating fake web sites that look very much like the sites of legitimate financial institutions. The person sends out random e-mails with links to these fake web sites. This attempt to obtain your personal information is called Phishing, (pronounced "fishing"). Visit our Security Center to learn how to protect yourself against Phishing attacks and other types of scams.

Q: How do I add my Costco Anywhere Citi Card to Bill Pay?
A: To ensure that your payment processes correctly, you will need to enter Costco Anywhere in the Need to Pay Someone New field in Bill Pay. It is not necessary to enter an address for the payee because it is already on file. You will need to enter your 16-digit credit card number and follow the on-screen prompts.

Q: What would it cost me to refinance my first mortgage?
A: The cost to refinance your home depends both on the loan amount and the type of loan product you want and the lender you use.  The credit union charges very low fees and no or low points and absorbs come costs of offering the loan.  Mortgage brokers or lenders that provide higher risk loans, including higher loan-to-value products, may charge higher rates, points or other fees.

Q: Is there a minimum mortgage loan amount?
A: Yes, the minimum loan amount for a 1st mortgage loan is $5,000.00 for most EECU products. Our Home Equity Line of Credit has a minimum of $10,000. Minimum mortgage loan amounts vary for loan products offered through our relationship with CU Members Mortgage.

Q: How can I apply for a 1st mortgage loan?
A: You may apply online, by mail, or by phone. Applying online is fast and convenient, allowing you to submit your application details in the privacy and convenience of your home or place of business.  Once the credit union receives your request you will receive a phone call to validate your request.  Please be sure to provide the hours and best phone number for contact.  At that point a credit report will be ordered and evaluated along with the information you submitted.  Once the report is reviewed by an underwriter, you may then receive a conditional approval along with a list of the documentation you will need to gather and provide to the credit union to expedite the processing of your loan.  Most of your subsequent contact will be via telephone with a credit union mortgage loan representative,.  Many borrowers are most comfortable speaking one-on-one with a representative so they can ask clarifying questions. Because of the amount of information needed, please be prepared to spend approximately 30 to 40 minutes on your phone application appointment.  To expedite the interview, it is convenient to have your documents gathered and available as you begin the phone call.  These include, but are not limited to, paystubs, previous two years W-2's or tax returns and bank/investment statements.  For refinances, a copy of your most recent hazard insurance declaration page and the property's tax bill are beneficial.  You may also request an application packet be mailed to you by calling the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and select the Real Estate Option.

Q: Do you offer Jumbo Loans?
A: We offer Jumbo loans through our relationship with CU Members Mortgage, which provides many services to credit unions and their members. For information on Jumbo loans please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and select the Real Estate Option.   One of EECU's mortgage loan originators will discuss your needs and put you in contact with a representative of CU Members Mortgage.

Q: What advantages would one have by getting a 15-year loan versus a 30-year loan through first mortgage?
A: Lower interest rate and reduction in finance charge over the life of loan.

Q: What are closing costs?
A: Fees incurred in a real estate or mortgage transaction paid by the borrower and/or seller at the closing of the transaction.

Q: What is the difference between a Home Equity Loan and a Home Equity Line of Credit?
A: Both are considered second mortgages. With a Home Equity Loan all funds will be paid at closing. A Home Equity Line of Credit provides you with a credit line that you can borrow against at any time within a set time limit and up to a maximum amount. The Line of Credit is typically revolving, allowing you to borrow and re-pay the debt over and over up to the maximum limit, similar to a credit card.

Q: Does the credit union offer Mobile Home Loans?
A: No, not at this time.

Q: Can I roll my closing cost fees into my loan?
A: Yes, if you are refinancing your loan and you have sufficient equity. For more information, refer to the Real Estate Loan products page on our website. For purchases, you will need to provide the down payment and closing costs.

Q: Do you service your 1st mortgage loans?
A: Currently we retain and service all EECU products; however, we have the option to sell the servicing. The vast majority of programs offered through our relationship with CU Members Mortgage are also serviced by CU Members Mortgage.

Q:What is a Home Equity Line of Credit?
A: When you get a Home Equity Line of Credit you have the ability to draw money, whenever you want, for a specific period of time. You only pay interest on the amount you borrow. You may borrow money, then pay off the money you borrowed and borrow again against the line of credit. You typically access the line with a check. EECU's Home Equity Line of Credit can also be accessed via Online Access home banking by withdrawing funds on the Line of Credit and transferring them to another linked deposit account, or by transferring money at an ATM.

Q:Can I change insurance companies for my homeowner's policy? Does the Credit Union need to know?
A: For EECU loans. we accept coverage from many insurance companies. If you choose to replace your current coverage please send your replacement policy to Educational Employees Credit Union, Attn: Insurance Department; P.O. Box 25273; Fort Worth, TX 76124 within 30 days of occurrence. This information can also be faxed to  877-577-2336. An acceptable policy must include the insured's name and address, full property address, policy number and current policy period, and have Educational Employees Credit Union listed as Loss Payee/Mortgagee in the correct lien position. Please keep in mind that if you change policies before your current policy expires, you may not receive a full refund from your current insurance company.

Q:How does my new lender request the credit union to subordinate their current lien position to the other lender's loan?
A: Contact the Member Service Center to request A Signed Request for a Subordination-Real Estate Secured/Unsecured Transactions form. This can be e-mailed or faxed to you or to the new Lender/Title Company. This form lists the items that need to be gathered from the escrow/title company that is assisting with your new loan with the other lender. These documents are to be submitted to the Credit Union's Real Estate  Department. A review of the documents and an approval must be completed. Depending on your loan's circumstances you may need to pay the costs of a property valuation or appraisal. Please submit the items as far in advance as possible in order to allow the credit union time for the review; a minimum of four business days should be provided.

Q: How long does it take to get a 1st mortgage loan?
A: Between 30 to 45 days from submission to closing date is the typical timeframe, but some may be completed more or less quickly.

Q: What are E-Document fees?
A: Fees charged by an Escrow company for receiving our encrypted set of loan documents via the Internet and printing and preparing them for signature and review by the borrower.

Q: How is my final mortgage rate calculated, and when is that rate confirmed?
A: Interest rates fluctuate daily, so the rates available when you apply may be different than the rates available when you decide to lock your interest rate. By locking, you protect your selected rate for a stated period regardless of market fluctuation. Depending on the product type and lender, your credit rating, debt-to-income ratio, and combined loan-to-value ratio may be used to determine the final mortgage rate.

Q: How do I increase the credit limit available on a Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC)?
A: To increase a HELOC line amount you may call the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU, and select the consumer lending/HELOC option. An updated application is required and other fees may be required (example: recording fees for the modification, ordering updated title policy, a property valuation).

Q: What's the typical mortgage loan process?
A: After your application is accepted/originated with a lender, the time between application and loan funding is known as loan processing. During this time your loan processor reviews your income and asset documentation, obtains a title insurance policy and clears any issues that may affect the credit union/lender from receiving a clear title, orders and reviews your property appraisal, obtains evidence of homeowners insurance, verifies the flood zone status of your property, and coordinates the signing and funding of the loan. This process typically takes 30 to 45 days.

Q: How often can the interest rate change on a Home Equity Line of Credit?
A: The interest rate may change four times a year on a Home Equity Line of Credit. The rate for Educational Employees Credit Union's Home Equity Line of Credit changes on the first day of every quarter (January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1).

Q: Do you offer mortgages on rental homes?
A: Yes, through our relationship with CU Members Mortgage. Call us at 1-800-538-3328  and select the Real Estate option from the main menu.   
One of EECU's mortgage loan originators will discuss your needs and put you in contact with a representative of CU Members Mortgage.

Q: How do I compare rates between lenders?
A: By comparing the respective Annual Percentage Rates (APR). The federal government implemented the Truth-in-Lending Act in response to consumer demand for reform. Part of that resulted in the creation of the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) calculation. This is not the Note rate for which the borrower applied. The APR is the cost of the loan in percentage terms, taking into account various loan charges of which interest is only one such charge. Other charges which are used in the calculation of the APR are Private Mortgage Insurance (when applicable) and Prepaid Finance Charges (loan discount points, origination fees, prepaid interest and other credit costs). The APR is calculated by spreading these charges over the life of the loan, which results in a rate higher than the note interest rate. If interest was the only finance charge, then the interest rate and the Annual Percentage Rate would be the same. Comparing the APR between lenders is one factor that will assist in your decision regarding which is the best rate and product for you.

Q: Do you sell your 1st mortgage loans?
A: The credit union retains a very high majority of its 1st Trust Deed loans. However, we have the option to retain or sell the servicing of the loan.

Q: Are there closing costs associated with a second mortgage loan?
A: Closing costs on second mortgages vary as to whether the loan is open-end or closed-end, what the loan-to-value is, and what the loan product is, among other things. They normally run between $165 to $600. If you qualify and the new loan amount remains within the loan-to-value limits for the product, these costs can be deducted from the loan proceeds instead of coming out of the borrower's pocket.

Q: How do I tell if I have Credit Life and/or Credit Disability Insurance on my 1st Trust Deed mortgage loan?
A: For 1st mortgage products the premiums are debited from your Share-0 (savings) account quarterly in February, May, August and November. In addition to reviewing your account statements, if you have Online Access Home Banking you can review your transaction history for the last few months. If you do not have internet access or are unable to locate your statements, you may call the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU to assist you in reviewing your account activity.

Q: How do I get more Home Equity Line of Credit advance checks?
A: Contact the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for a re-order.

Q: What is an Estimated Settlement (or Closing) Statement?
A: A document provided by the closing agent at closing.  Your closing appointment typically occurs a few days before final settlement or disbursement.  The document  details  the costs and indicates the  sum the buyer will be required to bring, or is expected to receive at settlement.

Q: When I apply for a real estate loan, do I need to send the Credit Union a copy of my tax bill?
A: We will send you a written request for your tax bill if we need it or if requested on the application. 

Q: How do I get more real estate payment coupons for my mortgage loan?
A: Contact the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU for a re-order. 

Q: If I get a 1st Mortgage with the credit union, where will I sign the final documents?
A: If your 1st mortgage loan is a purchase or refinance the closing will take place at an escrow company with the assistance of an Escrow Officer.

Q: What should I do if I don't receive a monthly billing statement on my new Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC) and the first payment date is approaching?
A: If you have Online Access Home Banking, you can view your payment due date and amount on the Account Summary screen.  You can make a payment using the Transfer function in Online Access.  Or, you may call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU to confirm your first payment due date and obtain information about making the payment.If your loan was recently funded and the initial disbursement occurred on the 18th of the month or after, it is possible your actual first payment due date is the first of the next month (loan funded on the 18th of January and loan was set-up with a first payment date of March 1). In this situation, if your loan agreement provided to you at document signing states that your first payment date is February 1, it is likely your loan funded after the monthly billing was prepared. Every attempt is made to provide you with a First Payment Notice letter when a loan is disbursed on the 18th or after, and the payment is due on the 1st. However, if your loan was initially scheduled to fund prior to the 18th and was delayed due to a missed signing or our inability to acquire updated proof of insurance through your insurance provider, this can occur.

Q: What is a Closing (or Settlement)?
A: Meetings between the buyer, seller and lender or their agents (escrow/title company) at which time the legal documents are signed in preparation for the recording of the grant deed evidencing any property changing hands and/or the deed of trust securing the note. This occurs prior to the funding of the loan.

Q: Do you offer financing on HUD repos?
A: HUD loans are basically FHA loans and we do not offer financing on this type of loan.

Q: Do you offer credit life insurance on first mortgages?
A: Yes, through our relationship with Allied Insurance/Minnesota Mutual Insurance Company.

Q: Can the payment on my Home Equity Line of Credit be other than the first of the month?
A: No.  Unfortunately, this is the only payment date available at this time.

Q: What is an escrow account?
A: With each monthly loan payment, money is deposited into an escrow account for property taxes, homeowners insurance and any mortgage insurance. Each year when property taxes and homeowners insurance are due, the loan servicer uses these funds to pay the tax agency and insurance companies. EECU does not offer escrow accounts, however other options are available, such as establishing a monthly automatic transfer into a credit union sub-share account that you designate for that purpose.  We also offer loan products through our partnership with CU Members Mortgage that require or allow escrow accounts.

Q: What is Title Insurance?
A: Insurance which protects the lender (lender's policy) or the buyer (owner's policy) against loss due to disputes over ownership of a property.

Q:What should I do if I received a monthly statement on my Home Equity Line of Credit but I requested Share-to-Loan transfer?
A: It is likely you received a monthly payment notice that is not intended solely as a payment billing. The minimum payment amount is re-calculated about the 18th of each month and the notice is mailed to advise you of the new payment amount that will be transferred from your share account and applied to your loan on the due date.

Q: Can I pay my own real estate taxes and homeowners insurance?
A: Yes. You will pay your own taxes and insurance for all EECU products. However, if the loans is offered through our relationship with CU Members Mortgage, depending on the product type and loan-to-value an escrow account may be required or the lack of one may impact the rate on the loan. 

Q: Can the payment date on my mortgage loan be other than the first of the month?
A: No.  Unfortunately, this is the only payment date available at this time.

Q: I am selling or deeding off an unimproved portion of my property.  How can I get part of my property released?
A: This situation most often occurs during the process of eminent domain, such as when the city or county is improving an intersection and a portion of your property is needed to accommodate the improvements. At this point a Partial Reconveyance of the property is needed and the Credit Union as lienholder is required to sign to indicate its acceptance and approval. You may call our Member Service Center to request that a Signed Request for a Partial Reconveyance-Real Estate Secured/Unsecured Transactions form be faxed to you. This form lists the items that will be necessary to gather from the escrow/title company assisting with the property transfer. These documents are to be submitted to the Credit Union's Real Estate  Department. A review of the documents and an approval must be completed. Depending on your loan's circumstances, you may need to pay the costs of a property valuation or appraisal. Please submit the items as far in advance as possible in order to allow the Credit Union time for the review; a minimum of four business days should be provided.

Q: What are Points?
A: Finance charges paid by the borrower in addition to monthly interest; each point equals one percent of the loan amount. For EECU 5-Year-Call and 15-Year Fixed Rate products the credit union's loan pricing may occasionally provide you an option  to buy down the rate .25% for 1.0 point or .50% for 2.0 points at the time the loan funds.  For purchases, this amount is included in your closing costs to be paid at closing.  For refinances, this amount can be deducted from loan proceeds provided the final loan amount stays within the loan-to-value guidelines or limitations of the product.

Q: What is a Deed of Trust?
A: The document creating a lien on a property as security for the payment of a debt. In some states, a Mortgage is used instead.

Q: What is Escrow?
A: Neutral third party appointed to act as a custodian for documents and funds during the transfer of property from seller to buyer or in the course of refinancing property.

Q: What is Prepaid Interest?
A: Interest charged to a borrower at closing to cover interest on the loan between closing and the end of the month in which the loan closes.

Q: What is Mortgage Insurance?
A: Insurance purchased by a buyer to cover the lender's risk of loss. Mortgage Insurance is generally required by lenders when the down payment is less than 20% of the purchase price or in the case of a refinance, when the loan exceeds 80% of the value of the property.

Q: Can I delete my escrow account?
A: Educational Employees Credit Union does not currently offer escrow accounts since EECU's real estate-secured loan products are at a loan-to-value ratio of 80% or less. EECU does offer products with higher loan-to-values or with optional escrow accounts through our relationship with CU Members Mortgage.

Q: What is Hazard Insurance?
A: A policy that protects the insured against loss due to fire or certain natural disasters in exchange for a premium paid to the insurer. Also known as homeowners insurance or fire insurance.

Q: Do I need to provide you with proof of my homeowners insurance?
A: Yes, you must provide proof of one year full coverage at the time of closing the purchase of a new home. If the transaction is a refinance, it is sufficient to provide proof that the insurance is paid ahead for a minimum of 60 days from loan funding.

Q: What is a reverse mortgage?
A: A reverse mortgage converts home equity into money, but requires no repayment until the borrower(s) permanently leaves the home. Basically it allows older occupant homeowners age 62 and above to borrow money against the equity without having to make monthly payments. The mortgage is fully repayable when the home is no longer the principal residence. With such a regulated and unique product there are lenders that specialize in the Reverse Mortgage. The internet can provide you with the names of those lenders; however, our partner CU Members Mortgage does have this product available.

Q: What is a Fixed-Rate Mortgage?
A: A mortgage whose interest rate does not change for the life of the loan. Typically payments are also fixed through the entire term.

Q: Why should I consider getting pre-approved before buying a home?
A: Many buyers are now getting pre-approved for a mortgage. This way, the buyer is seen as more stable, has greater influence in negotiating a purchase price, and can act quickly when he/she finds a home he/she really wants.

Q: What is a Mortgage Broker?
A: A person or entity that arranges financing for borrowers, but places loans with lenders rather than funding them with the broker's own money.

Q: What is a Mortgage Note or Loan Agreement?
A: It is a legal document obligating a borrower to repay a loan at a stated interest rate during a specified period of time. The agreement is secured by a deed of trust; it may also be called a mortgage in other states.

Q: What are Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae?
A: Freddie Mac (FHLMC) and Fannie Mae (FNMA) are quasi-governmental agencies that purchase conventional mortgages from insured depository institutions and HUD-approved mortgage bankers.

Q: Can I get a copy of my appraisal?
A: Yes. You will receive a copy of your appraisal.

Q: What is the Truth-In-Lending Act?
A: Federal law governing the advertising and/or disclosure of the terms of certain types of mortgages by a lender to a prospective buyer/borrower.

Q: Are there fees for Platinum Overdraft if I don't use it?
A: No, there are no fees for opting into the Platinum Overdraft Protection service. If Platinum Overdraft protection is not used to cover a non-sufficient funds item then no fee will be incurred. However, with Platinum Overdraft, if an item is presented for payment and there are not enough available funds at the time, we may pay the item at our discretion and the non-sufficient funds fee will be assessed. A maximum of four fees will be incurred daily, and any fee that results from a debit under $5 is refunded at the end of the business day. If you have any questions regarding Platinum Overdraft Protection you may call us at 1-800-538-3328.

Q: What is the difference between a main share account (savings) and a minor share (savings) account?
A: All EECU accounts require that a Share account (suffix '0') be established to maintain the account and keep it open. However, for our members under the age of 18 we offer a Minor Savings Account (suffix '6'), which is considered a sub-share account until the minor turns 18 years of age. At that time the minor account will be closed and funds will be transferred to the main savings account that has already been established. The main difference between a Share Savings account and a Minor Savings account is how dividends on the account are paid. Aside from the initial membership deposit of $5.00, there is no minimum balance requirement in an EECU Share Savings account, but a minimum balance of $250.00 is required to start earning dividends. A minor account, however, will earn dividends on all balances regardless of the amount on deposit.

Q: My CD matures next month.  Should I expect to receive a notice in the mail?
A: Two weeks prior to the maturity date of a share certificate, Educational Employees Credit Union will send a renewal notice to the address on file. The notice will advise of the upcoming maturity date and will give you three options for the maturing certificate: 1)Renew the certificate at the prevailing rate, 2)Add to the certificate and renew it at the prevailing rate, or 3)Redeem the certificate and redirect the funds. If the renewal notice is not returned, the certificate will automatically renew at the prevailing rate for the same term, provided the same term is offered at that time.

Q: How do I set up direct deposit with my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: Complete a direct deposit form at your employer directing all or a portion of your wages to your reloadable card number. You can also set up direct deposit from your checking or savings account to your reloadable card by visiting www.atirareload.com. Please refer to the fee schedule that came with your card (it is also available online at www.atirareload.com/fees) for possible fees.

Q: How do I purchase an EECU Visa gift card?
A: Visa gift cards may be purchased at any EECU branch.

Q: Does my EECU Visa gift card expire?
A: Yes. The expiration date is on the front of your card. Be sure to use the full amount of your card before this date.

Q: What should I do if my EECU Visa gift card is lost or stolen?
A: Call toll-free 800-721-3978 to speak with a customer service representative.

Q: What do I do if my EECU Visa reloadable card is lost or stolen?
A: If your card is lost or stolen, please call the customer service line immediately at 866-466-0058 (954-377-4496 outside the U.S.) to report the incident. A replacement card will be sent to you and the remaining balance on your lost or stolen card will be transferred to the new card. Please refer to the fee schedule you received with the card (it is also available online at www.atirareload.com/fees) for possible fees.

Q: How can I request additional EECU Visa reloadable cards?
A: The additional/secondary card can be requested by calling 866-466-0058 (954-377-4496 outside the U.S.) or visiting www.atirareload.com. Please refer to the fee schedule that came with your card (it is also available online at www.atirareload.com/fees) for possible fees.

Q: What is a prepaid reloadable card?
A: The EECU Visa reloadable card is a prepaid card. Money available for spending is determined by the amount of money you load on the card. The reloadable card carries the Visa logo, so you can use it almost anywhere Visa cards are accepted - in stores, online or over the phone. Each time you use your card, the purchase amount is automatically deducted from your card balance. When your balance gets low, you can add more money onto the card.

Q: Does the primary Visa Reloadable Cardholder need to have a Social Security Number?
A: A Social Security Number or TIN is required for the primary cardholder.

Q: Does the balance on my EECU Visa reloadable card earn interest?
A: No, interest will not be applied to your reloadable card balance.

Q: How do I add money to my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: You can add money to your reloadable card online at www.atirareload.com, at any EECU branch, or through the direct deposit of your wages.

Q: What is the difference between a reloadable card and a debit card, a credit card, or a gift card?
A: A reloadable card is different from a debit card because your reloadable card is not linked to your checking account. It is different from a credit card because the money that is on your reloadable card is funded by you. Your reloadable card is different from a gift card because the gift card is a one-time use card (it cannot be reloaded).

Q: Why do I need to activate my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: Activation is a security measure to prevent your card from being stolen out of the mail. Activation will require you to validatethe two-digit month/day of your birthday to ensure that you have received your reloadable card. The card must be activated before you are able to use it. Your reloadable card can be activated by calling 866-466-0058 (954-377-4496 outside the U.S.) or visiting www.atirareload.com.

Q: Where can I use my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: You may use your card:* at almost any merchant that accepts Visa cards* online for purchases and bill payments* at financial institutions that accept Visa cards to make cash withdrawals* at any ATM that accepts Visa debit cards

Q: Where can I use my Visa gift card?
A: You can use your EECU Visa gift card almost anywhere Visa cards are accepted.

Q: What is a Visa gift card?
A: A gift card is a prepaid Visa card that is loaded with a pre-determined dollar value.

Q: Can I use my EECU Visa gift card at a restaurant or to book a hotel room?
A: You can use the gift card at a restaurant. Keep in mind that typically restaurants will add 20% to the amount of your bill for a tip, so to avoid a decline of your card make sure you have enough funds loaded on the card to accommodate the tip. You can always ask to pay for part of the bill with your gift card and another part with another means of payment.Some hotels will not allow you to reserve a room on a debit card. Your gift card is a debit card. Please check with the hotel before you attempt to reserve a room with the card.

Q: Is there a minimum load amount for my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: The minimum load amount is $0.01.

Q: Can I sign for purchases made with my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: Yes, the reloadable card can be used to make purchases at almost all merchants that accept Visa debit cards. You can simply select "credit" and provide the merchant with your signature on the receipt at the point of sale terminal. Or, you can pay for purchases by selecting "debit" on the point of sale terminal and entering your PIN.

Q: Is there an age limit to purchase an EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: The minimum age to purchase a reloadable card is 17.

Q: How can I check the balance on my EECU Visa Gift Card?
A: You can check your balance online at www.atiragift.com or by calling toll-free 800-721-3978.

Q: Can I use my EECU Visa gift card for online purchases?
A: Yes, but you must first register your card online at www.atiragift.com. Once registered, you can use the card at most online retailers. Additional information is available online at www.atiragift.com.

Q: How can I obtain a PIN for my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: Call 866-466-0058 (954-377-4496 outside the U.S.). You will be provided the assigned PIN and then prompted to select a new PIN. Please refer to the reloadable card fee schedule that came with your card (it is also available online at www.atirareload.com/fees) for possible fees.

Q: How can I check the balance on my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: You can obtain your card balance anytime by logging on to www.atirareload.com or by calling customer service at 866-466-0058 (954-377-4496 outside the U.S.). Some ATMs may offer the capability of providing your account balance as well. Please refer to the fee schedule that came with your card (it is also available online at www.atirareload.com) for possible fees.

Q: How do I withdraw cash from my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: Use your PIN to withdraw funds from any ATM where Visa debit cards are accepted. Be sureto select "checking" as the account type. To withdraw funds at a financial institution, present the card to the teller and ask for a cash advance or withdrawal. In some instances, retailers will allow you to obtain cash back after making a purchase when you enter your PIN and select "debit" on the point of sale terminal. Please refer to the fee schedule you received with your card (it is also available online at www.atirareload.com/fees) for possible fees.

Q: How do I register my EECU Visa Gift Card?
A: Go towww.atiragift.comto register your card. It's easy to do - and very important. When you do, it means we'll have your information available to process transactions, including online and telephone transactions. Registering your card protects it so that it may be replaced in the event it is lost or stolen.

Q: Can I use my EECU Visa gift card to pay for gas at the pump?
A: Although your card may work at a fuel pump, it's recommended that you use pay inside rather than at the pump.

Q: What if I want to buy something that costs more than the value of my EECU Visa gift card?
A: If your purchase totals more than the value of the card, you could ask the cashier to use the funds on the gift card first. Depending upon the merchant, you may be asked to provide the exact dollar amount remaining on the card. Your balance can be obtained by calling toll-free 800-721-3978 or going to www.atiragift.com. You can then pay the difference with cash, check, credit card or debit card.

Q: Is there a fee for using my EECU Visa gift card?
A: There is a fee of $2.50 per month after 12 months of inactivity on the card. It is recommended that you use the balance of your card during the 12 months after initial purchase/load to avoid any fees. The terms and conditions provided with your card contain specific details about fees.

Q: Are there any special types of transactions I should know about before I shop with my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: There are special types of transactions that you should know about.Gas Stations- Paying at the pump may cause a minimum hold until the transaction clears; consider paying inside with the attendant for the exact amount and signing the receipt instead.Restaurants- Restaurants may authorize your card for the amount of the dining bill to verify you have enough money in your account. Make sure you have enough funds on the card to cover any additional tips or gratuities.Hotels- Hotels mayput a hold on the amount of your estimated bill, making that amount unavailable for other purchases. When you check out, that hold may take a few days to be removed.Auto Rentals- You may use your card for final payment for a rental car bill, however, a credit card may be necessary to reserve a rental car.Returning Purchases- Store return policies may vary. You may receive a credit to your card, a cash refund or even a store credit, depending on the particular store. A credit to your account may take up to one week to process before it is available for use.

Q: How do I allow another person to use my EECU Visa reloadable card?
A: Before you can add a secondary cardholder to your reloadable card account, you must activate your card and load funds onto the account. You can order a secondary card by visiting www.atirareload.com or visiting any EECU branch. Simply complete the online registration form about the additional person.He will receivehis own card number and the card will be mailed to the address you provided. The secondary cardholder will need to activate his card upon request.

Q: Can I return a purchase made with my EECU Visa gift card?
A: Store return policies may vary. You may receive a credit to your card, a cash refund or even a store credit, depending on the store. A credit to yourcard may take up to one week to process before it is available for use. 
Q: Are my deposit accounts NCUA insured?
A: Yes, each individual member's account is insured by the NCUA up to $250,000 per account.

Q: How do I set up Direct Deposit of my payroll check?
A: If your employer participates in a direct deposit program, provide our routing number, 255077891 and your account number to your human resources or payroll department. Direct deposit will usually begin two pay periods later.

Q: How frequently is my information updated?
A: Your account information is updated virtually instantly with each transaction that is posted to your account. However, availability of your funds may vary depending on where our transaction was done.

Q: What are the benefits of Credit Union membership?
A: Credit Unions offer similar services to banks, however they are non-profit. As such member fees and loan interest rates are typically lower.

Q: How can I become a member?
A: To become a member, simply check your eligibility. If you or any family member is associated with any of the eligible organizations, you are eligible to join the Credit Union.

Q: Are members of my family eligible to join?
A: Yes, any member of you family or household is eligible to become a member of MC EFCU if you are a member.

Q: What do I have to do to join the Credit Union?
A: Once you have determined that you are eligible to join MC EFCU, apply online to open a Savings account with a minimum initial deposit of $5.00 ($5.00 must be maintained in this account at all times). Once opened, you are able to open or apply for all other credit union services.

Q: Where can I download the mobile app?
A: You can download our mobile app from your devices app store, simply search MC EFCU.

Q: I downloaded the app but don’t have a user name or password, how to I get that information?
A: Simply press the signup button on your app, from there, once you have filled out the fields correctly you'll have created your username and password for your app and online banking.

Q: Whats the quickest way to check my balances?
A: Making use of the Quick Balance feature on the mobile app is the quickest way to view your balances. You can access it by going into settings, pressing quick balance, then enabling on the current device.

Q: What is external Funds Transfer?
A: Funds transfer is a service offered by MC EFCU that allows you to transfer funds to and from your own personal accounts at other financial institutions.

Q: Who is eligible to use external Funds Transfer?
A: All MC EFCU members using Online Banking are eligible to use Funds Transfer. Please note that the service provider stipulates that the first name on the external account MUST match the first name on the MC EFCU account in order to transfer funds.

Q: How do I sign up for Funds Transfer?
A: Log into Online Banking and click on External Transfers under the Transfers option. You will be met with two options, select "Transfer Between My Accounts." After accepting terms of service, you will then be prompted for registration. Following registration you must validate your email address before you can transfer funds.

Q: What accounts can I use with Funds Transfer?
A: Once enrolled, all eligible accounts at MC EFCU will be enabled for external Funds Transfer. You may add checking, savings and money market accounts held at any commercial bank or credit union nationwide that can accept ACH transfers.

Q: How do I verify external accounts to be added to the funds transfer service?
A: There are two methods, with two separate prompts. The first lets you enter your login credentials (user ID and password) of the bank or credit union being added. The second is by trial deposit. Two (2) small random credits and one debit (equal to the sum of the credits) will be made to the account that is being added. You will need to verify the amounts of these deposits in order for the account to be added to your external accounts list.

Q: How many funds transfer accounts can I add?
A: You may add up to five (5) external accounts to your Funds Transfer account list.

Q: Are there any fees associated with the funds transfer service?
A: All incoming as well standard outgoing transfers to your MC EFCU can be made at no charge. Next Day transfers (1 business day) however are $5 per transfer.

Q: How long does it take to send funds for funds transfer?
A: Standard transfers will arrive 3 business days after the send date. Next Day transfers will arrive 1 business day after the send date. Please note that all external accounts must qualify for Next-Day service before you can use the service.

Q: What are the Daily and Monthly transfer limits for funds transfer?
A: Limits with Standard Service (3 business days) Inbound & Outbound per day: $2,000 Inbound & Outbound outstanding per day: $5,000 (from one or more transfers)Inbound & Outbound per month: $5,000 (rolling 30 days).

Q: When will the funds be debited from your account and received by the receiving account?
A: For a Standard transfer, funds will be debited on the second business day following the date the transaction is submitted, and credited to the receiving account that same day, unless the debit funds are not available, in which case the credit will not be released. Next Day transfers will be debited and credited 1 business day after the send date.

Q: Is it possible to schedule recurring payments for bill pay?
A: Yes. You can schedule weekly, semi-monthly and monthly recurring payments.

Q: How do I register for Bill Pay?
A: Bill Payment registration is easy! The first time you attempt to access the bill payment section of Online Banking, you will be prompted to begin online registration.

Q: When I add a new payee to my bill payment account, or change my account number, how quickly will the change take place?
A: When you update the information for the bill payment account, the changes are implemented virtually instantaneously.

Q: Can I use electronic bill payment with all my accounts?
A: No, only checking accounts can be used for bill payment purposes.

Q: When can I start using Bill Pay?
A: You can begin using Bill Payment once you have received your email notification of availability.

Q: When is bill payment available?
A: You can schedule payments 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Q: How do I add new payees?
A: You can add payees by accessing the Add Payee screen. New payees will be added to the payee list immediately.

Q: Can bill payment be used when I am out of the country?
A: Bill pay provides you with peace of mind when you are traveling for an extended period of time. All you need is access to the Online Banking with a secure browser and you can pay your bills while out of the country. Payees must be located within the 50 United States and Territories.

Q: Who can be paid using the Bill Pay?
A: Anyone in the United States who can accept a check can be paid using Bill Pay. You can pay charge accounts, utilities, auto loans, professionals, even lawn services and relatives. However, tax payments (such as federal, state and local) and court directed payments (such as alimony and child support) cannot be processed through our online bill payment system.

Q: Can I pay my bills on the weekend?
A: Although you can set up your payments during the weekend, the system will prohibit you from scheduling a single payment and the first of a recurring payment on the same weekend. Payments scheduled for the weekend are always processed on the Friday before. If you set a payment to go out on a Saturday, it wont begin processing untill the following Monday.

Q: If I make an error in selecting an payee and it results in a late fee, am I responsible for the charges?
A: If you select a payee with an address that is different from that indicated on the payment coupon, then you are responsible for the late fee. You always have the option to manually enter a different address for a payee.

Q: How do I place a 'stop payment' on a bill payment?
A: A payment may be edited or deleted anytime before the "process date." Stop payments made after the process date are still possible but may be subject to a fee.

Q: What is a wire transfer?
A: A Wire Transfer is a method of electronic funds transfer between one person or entity to another.

Q: Can I do a wire transfer online or over the phone?
A: No, currently wire transfers can only be done in person at either one of our branch locations.

Q: What information do I need to provide to my other institution to receive a wire?
A: You need to provide the receiving bank, the benificiary name, as well as the final credit.
Final credit to	 	Your Name, Address & Account Number

Q: When will an incoming wire transfer post in my account?
A: Generally, incoming wire transfers post in the account the same day they are received. Incoming wires received after 4pm or on weekend may post the next business day.

Q: What do I need to bring in to start the wire transfer?
A: To start a wire transfer you must first fill out the “wire transfer form.” Be sure all information is filled out accurately, you may need to reach out to your financial institution to verify their proper wire information. Following that, bring in the completed form to any one of our branches to proceed.

Q: What are the fee's associated with Wire Transfers?
A: Fee's associated with wire transfers are as follows: Out-going Domestic	$20.00 Out-going International	$45.00 Incoming	$10.00

Q: What is Touch ID
A: Touch ID is a simple, secure way to access the MC EFCU Mobile App via touch-enabled iPhones using built-in, fingerprint-sensor technology.

Q:What are the system requirements for Touch ID?
A: To use Touch ID, please use one of the following devices: iPhone 5s running iOS 8 or higher iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus

Q:Can I still log in with my username and password if I enable Touch ID?
A: Yes, if prompted to log in with fingerprint, simply swipe to the right to enter your username and password.

Q:How do I enable Touch ID in my Mobile Banking App?
A: Upon successfully logging into the MC EFCU Mobile App with your username and password on a Touch ID-supported iPhone, you will be asked if you would like to start using Touch ID to log in.

Q:Where is the fingerprint information stored? Does MC EFCU have access to it?
A: Touch ID fingerprints are stored on the device and encrypted with a key only accessible to the device. The MC EFCU Mobile App cannot access the actual fingerprint, only determine whether the fingerprint is valid.

Q:Can I still log in if I am locked out, on hold or need a password reset?
A: If your account is locked or on hold, you cannot log in. However, even if the account requires the password to be reset, you can still use Touch ID to log in. Touch ID is an alternative credential.

Q:What additional security is included in this process?
A: Touch ID offers strengthened security by not storing usernames and passwords on the device.

Q:How can I disable Touch ID in Mobile Banking Apps?
A: You can disable Touch ID in the Settings menu of the MC EFCU Mobile App.

Q: Are my deposit accounts NCUA insured?
A: Yes, each individual member's account is insured by the NCUA up to $250,000 per account.

Q: How do I set up Direct Deposit of my payroll check?
A: If your employer participates in a direct deposit program, provide our routing number, 255077891 and your account number to your human resources or payroll department. Direct deposit will usually begin two pay periods later.

Q: How frequently is my information updated?
A: Your account information is updated virtually instantly with each transaction that is posted to your account. However, availability of your funds may vary depending on where our transaction was done.

Q: What are the benefits of Credit Union membership?
A: Credit Unions offer similar services to banks, however they are non-profit. As such member fees and loan interest rates are typically lower.

Q: How can I become a member?
A: To become a member, simply check your eligibility. If you or any family member is associated with any of the eligible organizations, you are eligible to join the Credit Union.

Q: Are members of my family eligible to join?
A: Yes, any member of you family or household is eligible to become a member of MC EFCU if you are a member.

Q: What do I have to do to join the Credit Union?
A: Once you have determined that you are eligible to join MC EFCU, apply online to open a Savings account with a minimum initial deposit of $5.00 ($5.00 must be maintained in this account at all times). Once opened, you are able to open or apply for all other credit union services.

Q: Where can I download the mobile app?
A: You can download our mobile app from your devices app store, simply search MC EFCU.

Q: I downloaded the app but don’t have a user name or password, how to I get that information?
A: Simply press the signup button on your app, from there, once you have filled out the fields correctly you'll have created your username and password for your app and online banking.

Q: Whats the quickest way to check my balances?
A: Making use of the Quick Balance feature on the mobile app is the quickest way to view your balances. You can access it by going into settings, pressing quick balance, then enabling on the current device.

Q: What is external Funds Transfer?
A: Funds transfer is a service offered by MC EFCU that allows you to transfer funds to and from your own personal accounts at other financial institutions.

Q: Who is eligible to use external Funds Transfer?
A: All MC EFCU members using Online Banking are eligible to use Funds Transfer. Please note that the service provider stipulates that the first name on the external account MUST match the first name on the MC EFCU account in order to transfer funds.

Q: How do I sign up for Funds Transfer?
A: Log into Online Banking and click on External Transfers under the Transfers option. You will be met with two options, select "Transfer Between My Accounts." After accepting terms of service, you will then be prompted for registration. Following registration you must validate your email address before you can transfer funds.

Q: What accounts can I use with Funds Transfer?
A: Once enrolled, all eligible accounts at MC EFCU will be enabled for external Funds Transfer. You may add checking, savings and money market accounts held at any commercial bank or credit union nationwide that can accept ACH transfers.

Q: How do I verify external accounts to be added to the funds transfer service?
A: There are two methods, with two separate prompts. The first lets you enter your login credentials (user ID and password) of the bank or credit union being added. The second is by trial deposit. Two (2) small random credits and one debit (equal to the sum of the credits) will be made to the account that is being added. You will need to verify the amounts of these deposits in order for the account to be added to your external accounts list.

Q: How many funds transfer accounts can I add?
A: You may add up to five (5) external accounts to your Funds Transfer account list.

Q: Are there any fees associated with the funds transfer service?
A: All incoming as well standard outgoing transfers to your MC EFCU can be made at no charge. Next Day transfers (1 business day) however are $5 per transfer.

Q: How long does it take to send funds for funds transfer?
A: Standard transfers will arrive 3 business days after the send date. Next Day transfers will arrive 1 business day after the send date. Please note that all external accounts must qualify for Next-Day service before you can use the service.

Q: What are the Daily and Monthly transfer limits for funds transfer?
A: Limits with Standard Service (3 business days) Inbound & Outbound per day: $2,000 Inbound & Outbound outstanding per day: $5,000 (from one or more transfers)Inbound & Outbound per month: $5,000 (rolling 30 days).

Q: When will the funds be debited from your account and received by the receiving account?
A: For a Standard transfer, funds will be debited on the second business day following the date the transaction is submitted, and credited to the receiving account that same day, unless the debit funds are not available, in which case the credit will not be released. Next Day transfers will be debited and credited 1 business day after the send date.

Q: Is it possible to schedule recurring payments for bill pay?
A: Yes. You can schedule weekly, semi-monthly and monthly recurring payments.

Q: How do I register for Bill Pay?
A: Bill Payment registration is easy! The first time you attempt to access the bill payment section of Online Banking, you will be prompted to begin online registration.

Q: When I add a new payee to my bill payment account, or change my account number, how quickly will the change take place?
A: When you update the information for the bill payment account, the changes are implemented virtually instantaneously.

Q: Can I use electronic bill payment with all my accounts?
A: No, only checking accounts can be used for bill payment purposes.

Q: When can I start using Bill Pay?
A: You can begin using Bill Payment once you have received your email notification of availability.

Q: When is bill payment available?
A: You can schedule payments 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Q: How do I add new payees?
A: You can add payees by accessing the Add Payee screen. New payees will be added to the payee list immediately.

Q: Can bill payment be used when I am out of the country?
A: Bill pay provides you with peace of mind when you are traveling for an extended period of time. All you need is access to the Online Banking with a secure browser and you can pay your bills while out of the country. Payees must be located within the 50 United States and Territories.

Q: Who can be paid using the Bill Pay?
A: Anyone in the United States who can accept a check can be paid using Bill Pay. You can pay charge accounts, utilities, auto loans, professionals, even lawn services and relatives. However, tax payments (such as federal, state and local) and court directed payments (such as alimony and child support) cannot be processed through our online bill payment system.

Q: Can I pay my bills on the weekend?
A: Although you can set up your payments during the weekend, the system will prohibit you from scheduling a single payment and the first of a recurring payment on the same weekend. Payments scheduled for the weekend are always processed on the Friday before. If you set a payment to go out on a Saturday, it wont begin processing untill the following Monday.

Q: If I make an error in selecting an payee and it results in a late fee, am I responsible for the charges?
A: If you select a payee with an address that is different from that indicated on the payment coupon, then you are responsible for the late fee. You always have the option to manually enter a different address for a payee.

Q: How do I place a 'stop payment' on a bill payment?
A: A payment may be edited or deleted anytime before the "process date." Stop payments made after the process date are still possible but may be subject to a fee.

Q: What is a wire transfer?
A: A Wire Transfer is a method of electronic funds transfer between one person or entity to another.

Q: Can I do a wire transfer online or over the phone?
A: No, currently wire transfers can only be done in person at either one of our branch locations.

Q: What information do I need to provide to my other institution to receive a wire?
A: You need to provide the receiving bank, the benificiary name, as well as the final credit.

Q: When will an incoming wire transfer post in my account?
A: Generally, incoming wire transfers post in the account the same day they are received. Incoming wires received after 4pm or on weekend may post the next business day.

Q: What do I need to bring in to start the wire transfer?
A: To start a wire transfer you must first fill out the “wire transfer form.” Be sure all information is filled out accurately, you may need to reach out to your financial institution to verify their proper wire information. Following that, bring in the completed form to any one of our branches to proceed.

Q: What are the fee's associated with Wire Transfers?
A: Fee's associated with wire transfers are as follows: Out-going Domestic	$20.00 Out-going International	$45.00 Incoming	$10.00

Q: What is Touch ID
A: Touch ID is a simple, secure way to access the MC EFCU Mobile App via touch-enabled iPhones using built-in, fingerprint-sensor technology.

Q:What are the system requirements for Touch ID?
A: To use Touch ID, please use one of the following devices: iPhone 5s running iOS 8 or higher iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus

Q:Can I still log in with my username and password if I enable Touch ID?
A: Yes, if prompted to log in with fingerprint, simply swipe to the right to enter your username and password.

Q:How do I enable Touch ID in my Mobile Banking App?
A: Upon successfully logging into the MC EFCU Mobile App with your username and password on a Touch ID-supported iPhone, you will be asked if you would like to start using Touch ID to log in.

Q:Where is the fingerprint information stored? Does MC EFCU have access to it?
A: Touch ID fingerprints are stored on the device and encrypted with a key only accessible to the device. The MC EFCU Mobile App cannot access the actual fingerprint, only determine whether the fingerprint is valid.

Q:Can I still log in if I am locked out, on hold or need a password reset?
A: If your account is locked or on hold, you cannot log in. However, even if the account requires the password to be reset, you can still use Touch ID to log in. Touch ID is an alternative credential.

Q:What additional security is included in this process?
A: Touch ID offers strengthened security by not storing usernames and passwords on the device.

Q:How can I disable Touch ID in Mobile Banking Apps?
A: You can disable Touch ID in the Settings menu of the MC EFCU Mobile App.